So my issue is, my (19F) sister (23F) gave birth a few months ago to my darling nephew and at the time I wasn't living at home due to having work in a place where I wasn't able to travel easily. So she was on her maternity leave, and I was home only 1 day a week, but bonded heavily with my nephew, and I am his godmother now.

It comes to the end of her maternity leave period, and she asked me to look after him for the time being, because at this point I was unemployed and actively looking for a job, just in case university didn't work out for me. I agreed, as I love the kid but I mentioned wanting to be paid atleast something as I couldve worked in this period and essentially I'm being thrown in the deep end as I've never looked after a baby before and I barely had time to properly learn the ins and outs before I was alone with the baby.

When it came to the end of Jan, she asked me if it was okay to pay me end of Feb, as she's abit tight on money. I agreed, because I didn't want confrontation but I was abit miffed about it. What annoyed me was she always brags about how much her boyfriend (baby's father) makes and how she looks after her money and she generally wastes her money on nonsense. I looked after my nephew for only half of Feb as his dad was home to look after him. But, throughout this period if she was off work, she would hand the baby off to me constantly, and I had no life because it was like I was his mom, due to this extending to weekends me having to look after him, which we did not agree on (off days too).

Now, she owes me a month and a half payment, and only wants to pay me half now as she says she has lots to pay and all these excuses, like her boyfriend can't help as he does earn so much, and also wastes his money. I agreed at first because she said she'll give me half, and pay for my transport fees to work and back for the month, and also due to not wanting to start arguments about money and whatever. 

I've come to realise that it just makes more sense for her to give me all, or even majority of the money at once because then I'd have to constantly ask her for money to travel to work, where she can just give it and I won't have to constantly bother her, which could lead to her getting annoyed and saying she doesn't have which would thus leave me in a rut.

WIBTA for asking for the money, knowing she might not be able to afford it out of her pocket, even though these other expenses she speaks of can be paid by her boyfriend? I lost my favourite jacket around September/ October and I have been looking for it everywhere, even online. Anyways so I was hanging out with a friend and boom my long lost jacket. I said “oh hey it’s my jacket, I’ve been looking all over for this” and she said it was hers and she bought it off of some website “varage sale” three years ago.. but I’ve never even seen it.  I even said I would pay her for it and she still said no!! Would I be the asshole if I stole the jacket back even though she’ll know it’s me?(On mobile) My neighbor is a really sweet lady, a bit older (F late 60s) , 2 years ago she lost her husband, really bad ass guy I (f18) wish I got to know him longer. After her husband passed, about 9 months later she bought a poodle puppy. My neighbor has a very sharp personality if that makes sense, she finds it funny to call you out on things that are sensitive to you. Very blunt. 
So past year or so as this puppy has grown and stuff, he’s become a genuine menace, he still has accidents while running around the house, jumps on people & scratches / nips to the point of bleeding (he’s a standard male poodle, pretty big boye) If anyone tries to point out how untrained the dog is she gets angry and defensive on a dime so no one brings it up. 

So obviously I get uncomfortable when my parents invite her over, I don’t really like being called out for being fat or my issues with school before I got diagnosed & medication for my ADD.

The issue: 
As a last minute thing My parents & I are going away for the weekend to visit family & we needed to find a petsitter for our two dogs, an older golden doodle & a small rescue mutt
Our original friend couldn’t do it last minute so my parents asked the neighbor. So yesterday the neighbor came over to see the routine and what she needs to do, we had lawn service in our yard so my mom had to run and ask a question so she left me with the neighbor. I tried showing her around but she said my mom already showed her.So I’m just standing there awkwardly, trying to be polite and not go to my room when she says
 “You know, I think I’ll just take your dogs over to my house.” 
I kinda froze up a little “Oh well I don’t think that would be the best...? (Golden doodle) is 13 and her bones are really brittle, I don’t think she could handle (her dog) jumping. Plus (little mutt) takes a really long time getting used to other dogs, he might get aggressive and bark to the point (her dog) might nip him or this lil guy might try nipping him-“

Neighbor spins around & starts screaming at me. Not like a louder angry tone of voice but a full scream that was making my ears ring, and whipping her finger in my face. Saying that her dog is trained and would never bite anything (lol plz I have a scar on my leg that says otherwise) and that he’s at a dog park right now and isn’t causing any issue. I just sorta shrunk up in my shoulders, kept saying quietly “alright ok I’m sorry” over and over, till she finished her rant and I just went to my room. My mom comes back in, neighbor told my mom that “(I) pry don’t like her too much now”, mom asked me later what happened.

I don’t feel comfortable with leaving my dogs with her. I talked to my dad about it, both my parents kinda gave the whole thing a bit of a shrug but get where I’m coming from. I appreciate that she’s willing to help our dogs out & is friends w my parents, I’m just worried that I’ll ruin their friendshipI'm pretty sure I'm an asshole and was fine with admitting it to myself until a few friends and family members told me my husband was in the wrong, so now I'm just genuinely curious.

Every year, Husband (32m) takes a few vacations, one of which being an annual vacation with friends from high school. Every year he asks if I (32f) want to go and usually I say no because I can't get the time off from work and it’s not a problem. It's nice to have some alone time for a few days. The vacations are also, ***usually***, very active trips, like snowboarding, water skiing, or hiking, and are all within the US. Husband knows my dream vacation is one where I lie on a beach every day doing nothing, which I’ve never done.

The group started planning this year's trip and they're going to the Caribbean! They're going to an all-inclusive resort on some beautiful island where they plan on unwinding and, at most, snorkeling. No talks of activities - just the sort of vacation I have been dreaming about. Husband thought I'd be excited for him. Spoiler alert - I wasn't.

Here's where some back story comes in that may illustrate my assholiness. My husband and I have very different relationships with money. He has a very high paying job and I have a much lower paying job. I'm okay with it. I work enough that I can pay bills, while having enough time and energy to pursue a personal dream, but I know I’ll be working for the rest of my life. He's been saving to retire since he was 18, whereas I don't have a retirement account. He hates it. We've been to counseling about it.

ANYWAY -

The conversation goes a little like this:

H: "I don't get why you're so upset."

Me: "You're going on my dream vacation and I can't go because I can't get the time off."

H: "You've never mentioned \[specific name of island/resort\]."

Me: "You're right. All I've said is wanting to go to a beach where I can do nothing."

H: "You couldn't even afford to go if you could get the time off. I mean, could you?"

Me: "That's a little condescending."

H: "Well, you said you didn't care if you had to work for the rest of your life and we can't afford for both of us to go on this vacation. Do you not think I deserve this vacation?"

Que seething rage. He turned the conversation into a big "I told you so" opportunity. Insult, meet Injury. The conversation ended with me telling him I had a right to be upset about it and he called me a snotty little brat.

AITA?

EDIT: Wow! I was not expecting this. Thanks everyone for your honesty. I want to clear up a few things here.

1. I used the wrong word. A lot of you are saying that I choose to work as little as possible because I wrote "I work enough that I can blah, blah, blah". What I meant was that I EARN enough. I don't pick and choose when I work. I have a full time job where I am on my feet the entire time. And I also didn't *choose* to work a low paying job. We live where we live because my husband's company relocated us. Unfortunately, I'm not a nurse, nor can I work in a shipyard. My options are very limited here.
2. I didn't tell my husband he can't go on this trip. I won't tell him that. It's never been my place to tell him what to do and I won't start now. And for those who called me jealous - you are absolutely RIGHT. I am green.
3. Our finances - boy oh boy is this a fun thing to explain. Long story short, my husband grew up poor. Through his own personal therapy, he's discovered that he needs money to feel stable in his life (which sounds, like, "well yeah, of course", but he puts it over his family, friends, and even his own happiness). He's been in relationships before where people whom he loves have taken advantage of his money and has always been very protective over his earnings. So, we agreed to keep everything separate for his own comfort.
4. I wanted to write a little something about my husband's job and how it contributes to my feelings surrounding this entire situation. As I said before, I work full time, on my feet all day. My husband has spent the last two years complaining about how all he does is sit and watch Youtube videos when he's done with the fifteen minutes of work he's had to do all day. No matter what job I've held during our relationship (we've moved a few times for his job), I have always worked myself to the bone only to make a fraction of what he makes for watching people build huts out of mud and sticks. Is that his fault? No. Is it irritating? Absolutely. My husband's job provides him with a company car, so he has no car payment. He also has a company cell phone, so he has no cell phone payment. He doesn't pay for car insurance, his gas, or his meals. It's all paid for by the company. I think I'd be able to afford a lavish vacation if I didn't have all of those things to pay for. But I do. And I pay for these things myself.

I think that's all I wanted to add. Thanks!English its not my first language so i try my best :)

Ok a little background,we been married for 10 years and have a great relation and family, let me be straight MY WIFE IT'S HOT she does a lot of exercise and became a yoga instructor and the studio use instagram.

So she and the studio start to put some pictures in yoga pants, short tops etc, and here is when this guy (married, 3 kids etc ) star sending PM like you OMG YOU LOOK HOT, she answer "innocently " some thanks or whatever, so one day she told me and I tell her a dont like that kind of PM betwen them, she accepted and apologized but she didnt want to block him she will ignore him thats her proposition.

Fast fwd to yesterday she put a ASK ME SOMETHING tag on insta as part of her job and this ASSHOLE ask her ARE YOU SINGLE ?

She just decided to ignore him and to her favor she show me the PM.

AITA for asking her to just block him and stop this CRAP ???

&#x200B;

EDIT : I have no problem with the "sexy pics " since i know it's part of the job and he PM to her private Insta not the company, she use her insta to repost part of the company contentBit of back story: I work on a golf course and doing so use a lot of mowers, hedgers, brush cutters etc. these are all loud, petrol operated machines which over time are proven to cause hearing damage. 

While the course supplies ear protection (ear plugs), I bring my own, high quality ear muffs that are Bluetooth so I can listen to music while I work, that I keep in my locker. My coworker however, can’t use earplugs since he has a ear infection of some sort (i dont know what it is) and his ear will often drip blood and some sort of waxy puss. It is absolutely disgusting. 

So you can imagine my horror when I see him wearing MY earmuffs when I get to work late this morning. He did not ask to use them, he just took them out of my locker. When I went up and asked wtf he was doing wearing them, he said he wears them on my days off or when I called in sick. I went off at him saying how unhygienic that was and how he should have asked before taking and using my personal things. 

I was so annoyed that I took it to our supervisor. Thankfully he was on my side since it was something I bought with my own money and not something the course bought. My coworker was told that he needs to buy me a new pair of the earmuffs to replace the pair that he used. 

If he’d just used them then I don’t think he’d need to replace them, but since he regularly has blood and puss dripping out of his ears, I think it’s fair, especially since if he’s been using them a lot on my days off, there would almost certainly be crap from his ears in there. 

A few of the other workers are calling me an ass for making such an issue out of it, so AITA?My husband hates getting rid of things. Even if it's something we haven't touched or seen in over a year, he always prefers to keep an item "just in case" rather than let it go. Our apartment is small and I struggle with keeping it clean and organized. I'm just now crawling my way out of a year and a half long severe depressive episode and I still get completely overwhelmed by piles of things that have no home.    

At some point I realized we couldn't keep up with the rate at which we were accumulating stuff and that, when asked, my husband will always answer with "I was planning on using that, let's just keep it." So I just stopped asking him. I started keeping track of things that frustrated me daily because they had no place or took up space when we weren't even using them. After a while I started phasing those items out and quietly taking them to the basement storage with the intent of quietly donating them or throwing them away if my husband didn't notice them missing after 6+ months.  

One of the items was a set of spoons with drinking straw attachments we got for christmas. I hate them. The straw part is too skinny to clean out effectively and they're too long so they don't fit in the drawer organizer properly. He professes his affection for them every time I ask to donate them but he's only used them twice in the three years we've had them. So I brought them down to the basement storage.   

A couple of days ago our basement storage unit got broken into. Nothing but some canned goods were stolen, but while we were looking through our things to double check my husband discovered the damn straw spoons. He asked me how they ended up down there and I had to come clean about the donation box I'd been creating. He was pissed. Said I was behaving like a dictator for doing this behind his back and since they were his things too he should get a say in what happens to them. I agree to some extent-- I don't touch sentimental items or things he actually uses no matter how much they annoy me-- but I'm surprised that he feels this strongly over spoons.    

Now he wants to bring the damn spoons back upstairs (along with most of the other things in the donation box) and he wants an apology from me. I don't know if I'm in the wrong here. So what do you guys think? AITA?My best friend Julia and I have known each other for maybe 15 years. We are both in our mid twenties and we do everything together. We share an apartment, work at the same company, share clothes, she’s like my sister. 

Julia was a virgin until she met an Italian guy a few months ago. He’s definitely trouble and although she seems in love and happy I’ve noticed small things that are alarming. 

For example he tells her what he can and can’t wear. He tells her not to even think about looking at other guys. I’m not saying he does illegal stuff but I am saying his lifestyle and demeanour point to trouble. I’m not basing that off dislike or bias, it’s stuff I’ve pieced together. 

Julia is besotted. The last straw came when my mom texted Julia her new number. Obviously we are close as a whole family and so my mom wanted Julia to have her new number. 

I was in our apartment and he was lying in her lap. He immediately looked at her phone and said ‘give it to me’ when he say the unidentified number and she handed it over without a word. 

I said in front of both of them- ‘don’t order her around like that. Julia you know you don’t need to hand over your phone like that just cuz he asks’.

It came from a place of protectiveness. I love her. She’s my sister and I don’t want her to be pushed around. 

He kind of looked smug and didn’t say anything, and later Julia came to me and gave me a hug and a kiss and said she loves me but I need to stay out of their relationship. 

I feel conflicted. Am I the asshole for getting in their business?I work two jobs and in the last four months I have had a total of seven full days off, where I don't work either job. Most of these days off have been spent sleeping in, relaxing, and catching up on chores, not really doing anything. 

This weekend coming up my fiance and I were supposed to go a cool event. I had already gotten the weekend off from both jobs and I'm working crazy hours to help make up for the time I'm taking off when unfortunately the event got cancelled.

So now I have two full days off. I've been getting kinda bummed out lately since I don't feel like I have much of a life and was really excited to go something out of the ordinary. So instead of spending the next two days in vain I have been suggesting to my fiance that we go on a trip some place maybe a few hours out, get a hotel room and have fun. I found a place with old Spanish Castles and a distillery to tour that could take our day and maybe see my fiance's brother since he lives on the way to the place I was been suggesting.

My fiance has been very standoffish with any of my suggestions. He's saying he would rather pick up the overtime now that they're offering him this weekend since the event is cancelled. I have suggested going on my own but my fiance has qualms he hasn't fully shared with yet.

I don't think its fair that nearly every weekend he gets to go on his motorcycle and ride with random groups that he finds on a bike Meetup app or with his friends while I'm working and this one weekend I'm off, he doesn't want to do anything. But I know if his friends randomly invite him to hang out or go some place then he'll be gone with the wind.

I'm beginning to realize that if I wait and try to do something with my fiance that it's never going to happen. I live within four - five  hour of many beautiful springs and other places that I want to experience but when I try to suggest I keep getting shot down by my s/o and told not to get my hopes up. But I have my own vehicle (well, fianced with him) , I have my own credit card, and working the two jobs I have enough income coming in that allows us to save and live comfortably so I should be able to take some of that money (cash tips at the end of every night) to pay for these trips.

TLDR: Supposed to do something fun this weekend but it gets cancelled, try making other plans with SO but keep getting shot down, realizing now it's a pattern and want to escape it.Am I the asshole for being uncomfortable with a bunch of guys flirting with my girlfriend?

Obligatory on on mobile warning

Recently me (20M) and my girlfriend (19F) have been having issues in our relationship. She has had a bunch of guys flirting with her, she downloaded an app to make friends (not in any way a dating app) and a bunch of the people she met on the app flirt with her. There have also been some guys irl that she knows that flirt with her. 

She never reciprocates the flirting but she doesn’t do anything to stop it, this has been making me uncomfortable. While I trust her it annoys me that she would allow close to a dozen guys to try and flirt with her and not put her foot down. And in the past we have had some problems with a guy constantly sending her nudes and trying to convince her to cheat, yet she would still want to hang out with him. That brings us to last night. She met a guy at work that was flirting with her a few days ago, he tracked her down on Facebook and friended her. He did ask if she had a boyfriend, and she said she did. He said that he was glad he knew because he would stop making moves and flirting with her. The problem is that he hasn’t, he still walks into her work and says “hello gorgeous” and stuff like that. And last night he waited for her after work to give her a ride on his motorcycle. Today he came into her work 5 times, then he waited for her to be off work again to invite him to hang out with his buddies. She said no since it was late, so he walked her to her car and gave her a hug. 

I am very uncomfortable with this, it seems like he’s doing a bunch of boyfriend things. When I told my girlfriend about this she got very mad and told me that I was just being jealous and insecure, to her credit I am a very jealous and insecure person. But this along with all the guys flirting with her has made me very uncomfortable. I’ve asked her to set boundaries with her guy friends, just to ask them to be platonic and not to flirt. My girlfriend thinks I’m being a controlling asshole. I told her that if this guy keeps showing up at her work and waiting for her to get off everyday that it would make me very uncomfortable. She told me that I’m going to have to get over it. 

Am I the asshole for being uncomfortable with what’s going on and asking her to establish boundaries with her guy friends?I say pseudo-stepdaughter because I’m dating her dad and we will probably be married soon, but I don’t consider myself her actual stepmother until we are married. That doesn’t mean I’m not paying for her, taking care of her, loving her, etc. 

Anyway, she’s almost 6 years old. I’ve known her since she was 4. Up until recently we have always gotten along very well. She always hugs and kisses me goodnight, we all do stuff together as a family, she loves my dog and we have a very normal family life.

Lately she’s started talking to me in ways that I can only assume are either coming from her mother or television. She is respectful to her dad, but when it comes to me...

She has said:

Are you gonna get me chips with my pizza or what?

Hurry up, woman!

Seriously, you don’t know how to play (video game)! Get it together, kid!

You don’t know what you’re talking about.

You need to start picking up YOUR dog’s poop.

You don’t even like me.

My behavior towards her has not changed until the comments started piling up. I’m not angry with her but I’m starting to get frustrated. I still snuggle her and get her everything she needs but I’m feeling colder now because of how she’s talking to me.

I told her dad and he said he’d talk to her but he seemed a little put off. Am I being an asshole by asking him to treat me with some respect?

Tl;dr: Boyfriend’s daughter started talking to me very mean. I want her to be talked to but I feel like TA because I know she’s a kid.I (23F) just completed my degree and at the end of last month, my contract at my work place for a clerkship ended. I scheduled a couple of weeks off for myself before starting classes to prepare for my country's equivalent of the bar exam. In this down time I'm also applying for graduate positions and jobs in general. I also need to complete 225 hrs of placement, so I'll be doing some applications for those too.

I'm a fairly motivated person, pretty good at sticking to a schedule and getting what I need to get done. I do, however, live at home with my helicopter mother (this isn't going to change any time soon as we don't move out until marriage in my culture but I'm looking for jobs outside my state so I can move with an excuse). Ever since my contract expired, my mother has taken up looking through various sites and asking people about jobs. 

At first I thought this was well-intentioned, but it was really stressing me out because it's all my mother ever brings up, it's the first thing she talks to me about when I come back home (and it continues for the rest of the evening) and sometimes she calls/texts me during the day when she's at work. If we're ever spending time together, she'll bring up jobs and it makes me very anxious about my future. I spend a lot of time actively looking for jobs, noting their deadlines and tailoring my applications for them as is. So I told her I had the situation under control and that her looking up jobs for me is stressing me out. 

My mother accepts this and says she'll cut back on it. A week later, she goes back to her old pattern of bombarding me with job advertisements. At this point, I want to clarify a few things about my mother's behaviour that are REALLY stressful for me: 

1. I know beggars can't be choosers - I'm applying for all the graduate positions and jobs I can find in my field, not just what I'm specifically interested in. My mother has told me the things I am aiming for are completely pointless/not worth considering, are inappropriate for a woman and that it will be hard for me to get married unless I listen to her. 
2. She constantly brings up how she pictures me in a high paying corporate job (in compliance and/or risk). This is fine and I know it's coming from a place of my mother wanting me to live comfortably, but it's putting a lot of pressure on me to work in an area that wouldn't be my first choice. 

Every time she brings this up now, it turns into very long arguments with both of us getting frustrated with each other. We had one a few hours ago and I told her she needed to stop looking up jobs for me because I really can do it myself. 

AITA for telling my mother to stop looking at jobs for me entirely?I have this friend in school, we’ll call her Alyssa,  who was saying some very mean things about me behind my back to my other friend, who we’ll call Jane. Jane told me what Alyssa was saying, and apparently Alyssa had been talking badly about me for years and basically gaslighted Jane into thinking I was an awful person who was manipulative and played the victim. Jane hadn’t been talking to me much and I kind of had been wondering why. So when Jane told me, together her and I had a sit down meeting with the counselor at school and decided what to say to cut her off as a friend. And so we did it, as gently as possible. But Alyssa doesn’t have like any friends now, and she often tells the school counselor and other people that. So now I feel really guilty. I feel like most people have told me I did the right thing and I had to do what’s best for myself, but I feel so awful, so AITA?Now I am fully aware of how the title would make me seem like TA, but I really do need to explain.


So I have a friend (for this, their name is Clem). Clem and I have been friends since elementary school, and we're now both in college. 

When I am at home, my phone is always in my room. I find that I get very distracted when I always have my phone with me (not good for a college student with a lot of homework), so I tend to not have it with me unless I'm going somewhere.

My friend always has their phone and uses it constantly. This is their behavior, and not mine, and I understand and respect that, because there are always circumstances for behaviors.

I have told them repeatedly that I do not tend to have my phone with me when I am at home, so it may take a while to for me to respond to them, and to please be patient with me. But it seems to me as if that goes in one ear and out the other.

On multiple occasions I have gone to my room to retrieve my phone, only to see multiple texts berating me for not answering them (a lot of "I wish you would just answer me" and other things like that). I'm not confrontational, so I tend to just apologize and move on.

The last time I snapped at them (which was maybe a year ago, and it was more of once again trying to explain to them I don't always have my phone.) Clem said I was scaring them and "it wasn't like [me].” I once again apologized for my behavior, and they said that it was okay, and we moved on.

Flash forward to today. I get my phone out of my room, and once again, there was one of those “why wont you answer me?” texts. So, I sent back something along the lines of “it’s hard to respond to someone when you don’t have your phone.”

I feel like its my fault somehow, and I could absolutely be TA, but my friends agree that Clem is being a bit ridiculous, since I have explained multiple times that I’m not always near my phone, and one friend said that its prime behavior of a toxic relationship, but I just don’t know. I’m all sorts of confused and upset because I really do care for Clem, but I need to know if I’m TA or not so I can change my behavior. I also feel so childish, because I’m not one to lash back at people, since there’s likely a reason for behaving the way they do. So I don’t know. AITA?To make a long story short I had a four month relationship that ended in a very weird way and now I found out I’m pregnant.

The baby’s father and I ended things on somewhat bad terms and since then there has been no communication. He’s a bad communicator and so on and so forth.

I’m not opposed to keeping the baby if things were to miraculously work out between him and I but I can’t take care of it myself. The way things ended pretty much told me it wouldn’t work out and a child would not fix it.

So would I be the asshole if I didn’t even attempt to get in contact to tell him?

Edit: to the people who think I’m only thinking about keeping it to make the relationship work, that was bad wording on my part. I was thinking in the hypothetical sense about the miracle thing. I was thinking more along the lines of ‘he called me right now and said he’d fix things without knowing about the baby’ kind of miracle. Not the baby. Sorry for that, I’m overwhelmed by finding this out today so maybe I didn’t word it well.My GF started asking me about my exes, a topic, along with any other relationship-related topic, I treat with utmost honesty. So when she asked me about this loaded question, I wanted to be honest. I also thought she would actually handle the truth, as I thought she was smart enough not to ask such a loaded question without being in the right mental state to handle either answer. 

I was wrong. When she asked, I said; "Hmm, I don't know. Some of them might be conventionally more attractive at least". Now, that's the truth. I didn't know, because I hadn't thought of it. I don't think about my exes much, and I sure as hell don't think about how attractive they are, because it's not important. My GF is beautiful and I wouldn't change a thing with her. Some of my exes are also beautiful, and upon reflection over it after her question, I think some of them actually are more pretty than her. 

And you know what? WHATEVER. That's my opinion on the matter. Who the fuck cares who's more attractive. I don't. Appearance matters to me when picking a partner, no doubt about it, but it is far from the most important factor. For it to matter so much, is superficial. Now, I think it is a bit of that superficiality that led to my GF's reaction. But it's not just that. She has confidence issues and has been self-conscious about her body for a long time. Though I really thought she knew me well enough to understand every implication of my answer; how it doesn't really matter at all (to me), and how she is still perfect in my eyes, etc. 

Adding to her side of things is the fact that I've told her she's the most beautiful girl in the world, many times, during different scenarios. As I started explaining my standpoint this is the fact she brought up, saying she was hurt because I had apparently lied. Now, telling your girl she is the most beautiful person in the world is classic, traditional relationship goo. It's like saying "I could lie in this bed with you for an eternity". You couldn't. I mean, if you were both immortal in and unending world, you still couldn't. You wouldn't want to. Not for a lifetime either. It goes under the category of things one says when under the intoxication of love, things that are not meant to be taken at face-value and literary, rather enjoyed mindlessly. Also, who's pretty is subjective, and a part of that subjectivity is the element of time. There's a quote so obscure I can't find who said it, but it was some musician. He said something along the lines of: "Your favorite song is the one you're listening to in that very moment". I believe in that. And as such, without any change of appereance or relationship status, a person can look more attractive in point in time than another, due to the situation. 

So to conclude; she asked me a loaded question about whether she was more attractive than my exes, I answered honestly (as I've told her I always will with such topics) and she flipped out.Obligatory- This is my first post on reddit and I'm on mobile so format might be weird, I apologize. Now, to the story.

Some background, I'm a senior in high school and drive myself (17f) and my brother to school every morning. We drive by this girl I know who we'll call A. A used to ride the bus to school but one time, I offered her a ride to school because I drove by her waiting for her bus and I felt bad for her. Ever since then, A has been expecting me to drive by and pick her up for school. I didn't really have a problem with it at first, but A is starting to be late to go outside and I'll have to sit outside her house while she's getting ready. 

Additionally, one of A's friends, B, found out I gave A rides and also asked for rides and because I'm too polite to say no, I agreed. Keep in mind I dont know B AT ALL. I don't really like having people other than my close friends in my car and I'm debating whether or not to cut off the rides since the weather is getting nicer, so standing outside waiting for the bus isnt such a terrible thing. So reddit, WIBTA if I no longer give rides to these 2 girls rides? It's not like they wouldnt have any means of transportation, they can still take the school transportation.

EDIT- Both girls are at the same stop

EDIT 2- Thanks so much for all your comments! I've decided to stop giving them rides under the fact that its illegal for me to have more than 1 passenger in my car due to my restricted license. I've informed A who will tell B that tomorrow is the last day I'm giving them rides and A was very understanding!I recently was tasked to measure the radiation intake for some colours. I took the lead and made the aim, hypotheses, materials list and method. After the experiment we had to make a power point on the experiment.  we recorded the data on my friends sheet which he eminently left it in the class losing it (it was the last class of the day). Earlier today the other person in my team didn't know how to make a diagram so i made that as well and the graph going of of memory (its due tomorrow so no hope in having one of them do something of it getting to redo something I did). I'm debating on weather I should send an email to my teacher explaining everything. Ill check again tommarow please help me they are good friends of mine.So around 4th or 5th grade, I had an embarrassing picture of myself which wasn't really picked up until 8th grade. Since then, classmates were printing the embarrassing picture and showing me them. I didn't really care because it was all fun and games, and well, that picture was taken 4 years ago, and I look a lot better then before.

I'm in my freshman year right now and the picture wasn't really shown to me up until today, and someone printed the picture of me but edited so it looked a lot worse. She started showing people around her the picture,  and when she showed it to a friend of mine, she said it was "low key bullying me".

She showed me the picture and I took the picture and ripped it. She said why would I do that and how beautiful the picture was. I didn't respond and just went somewhere else far away from them. (It was study hall in the cafeteria.)

AITA for ripping someone's paper of an embarrassing photo of myself?I know the title looks horrible, but hear me out.

I have suffered with anxiety and depression for the better half of my life to to impossible standards placed upon me as a child. These standards were determined by my parents off of how well my sister was doing at that age. Because I couldn't meet those standards, it resulted in a lot of verbal abuse and emotional manipulation from my family on all sides.

I am now in my twenties and less than a year from finishing college. Because of the cost of tuition and rent, my parents decided to buy a house near a university that my sister was going to and said that the rest of their kids would go to that university to save on rent. That is where I currently live. My older sister and her fiance are also living here while they look for a new place to live now that they are out of college. Unfortunately, despite not living in the same house for over three years before I moved here, old habits never died.

I am constantly being verbally abused and torn apart on a regular basis because of my sister's belief that anything broken or wrong in the house since I moved is my fault. Mice in the basement, my fault (I rarely leave my room on the second floor). Dog mess on the floor? My fault, even if I'm not home. Mailbox falling off because of erosion on the stone of the house? Nope! Must be my fault! 

Recently she has been stepping up the blame game and shouting to a point where I go straight to my room when I get home and I don't leave until I have to (i.e. work, school, bathroom). I have lost several pounds because I feel like I can't even go downstairs and eat without being yelled at. I am to the point where I can't even look at her without feeling panicked. As soon as she moves out, I want nothing to do with her. I like her fiance, but if their a package deal I'm fine losing that connection. 

I have seriously thought about moving out, but I can't afford anywhere around here. Anyway, her wedding is in July and because she and I aren't very close she decided not to put me in the wedding party. That's fine with me, don't have to wear a dress. The issue is I don't know if I can be around her and pretend to be happy for that long without breaking down. My homophobic family is also going to be there and I would rather not have to pose for pictures with them. I know the question of when I'm going to get married will come up, my sister will find some way to blame an issue on me, and I might want to be hit by an incoming train by the end of the night.

Am I the asshole for not wanting to be near my family after all these years of abuse, even though its her "special day"?Not really sure how to go about this, so here goes.   
My wife is very close with her parents. They're currently on a cruise in the Carribean. And given that people can be a carrier and contagious with COVID-19 for a considerable amount of time before symptoms show, I want to ask my wife not to go see them for a month or so after they get back so that we don't potentially get infected. 
WIBTA if I asked her not to visit them or allow her parents over until we're 100% sure they're not carriers?BD (24) thinks I’m (20) ridiculous for asking him to just have the baby(5mon) for 30mins before he goes to work so I can rest, just for a little. Yes he works a 6:30-3 laboring job, I work a 7-5:30 customer service job (as well as babysit the days I have off) the days he has off. He makes me feel inferior about it, he needs less baby time because he works more than I do. 
I left the room tonight and am on the couch so he can try and get our son to sleep without my help so I can rest. He comes in and steals my blanket away, slamming the door and proceeds in trying to put our son down. I don’t deserve it supposedly and am a bitch, which hurts to be called. Usually I try to tell myself the things that are said at night aren’t true, but it’s been the second night calling me a bitch for wanting sleep without a baby.
I know it’s hard w a baby, I really do but the longer this goes on the more I resent him. I wish he would leave us sometimes (and tell him to do so when nights like this happen). I feel like we’d be better off and if I can’t rely on him then theres no use for him to be around just to think I can when I actually can’t. 
AITA?

EDIT: Since no one seems to understand, I babysit as a side gig. Which means I babysit other children, I am not talking about babysitting my own child?Ok, this one is a doozy at I don't know what to do. 

So, I'm in school and there is this friend group. We hang out with each other all the time and we are all cool with each other. 

Or we were.

This friend group know I am Asian and they make jokes about it all the time and I am cool with it. Now, this one kid was making light jokes, but it's been getting worse and worse.

It's gone from stuff, "Can you see?" To, "How did you survive Hiroshima and Nagasaki?"

And we were doing this thing for science class and he said, "Wow. If we analyze Ash you might see you ancestors?"

I shut up and ignores him the rest of the day. By the end he was some what annoyed and kept bugging me wanting to know if I was ok. I still didn't answer.

So, WIBTA if I didn't looked or talk to this dude ever again? 

Edit: The way he acts is a total douche in my opinion.

Edit 2: Any Grammer errors I though I made.I joined a new school last year and since then I've been friends with this guy called Rob. From the first moment i met him i instantly noticed one thing: his smell. He gets bullied by the class for it, and sometimes i feel bad but sometimes (real asshole moment) i don't. Some of my other classmates have told me that he has been like this since the beginning of the first year. I don't really know why he's like this, but i know that he doesn't have any problem at home or financial problems. He smells like a wet dog and it's very STRONG, and when i say strong i mean that you can literally smell it from the other side of the room, and also his hair is very greasy  or dry as with a shitload of dandruff (there's no in-between). His face is kinda the same. Sometimes he also has white spots on his face (dandruff or popped pimples) and wears the same 4-5 clothes. I feel angry when he complains to me about him being bullied because it would literally stop if he only cared more about his hygiene. I've tried in a non serious way to talk to him about this but he always says that he puts deodorant on and does showers. I don't want to offend him with harsh words, i just want it to stop because lately it has been seriously unbearable to sit next to him for more than 2 minutes and he always roams around me and I'm not a fan of the bullying.

[TL;DR] A friend of mine smells a lot to the point it's unbearable without a reason and also gets bullied for it and i want to tell him so that it can stopI'm an 17(F) and I go to a community college in Texas for starters- I'm enrolled in a class with the person who asked the question.

So the person is another 18/19(F), and we've talked sparsely few times since the class started. She commented offhandedly about being bisexual on the first day of class and being bi-curious myself (secretly; I have NOT come out yet to anyone in real life) I just kind of gave a small nod of approval . We talked about little else since then and have had no real interactions out of the 2 months we've been going to class together. The occasional joke is commented here and there, but not at all what I would consider friends or close.

Last class, however, I heard her whisper something relatively loud to her friend that sits next to her. That she has an incredibly good 'gaydar'. I didn't think it was in reference to me at first (but now I think it might've been??)

Today though, was when things drew to a head. The class door had not yet been unlocked, and myself, a few other classmates, and her were just making small talk before the door opened. The conversation eventually faded out between the other parties and turned to just between her and me. Nothing romantic, flirtatious, just strictly talking about the class.

Then out of the blue- She asks in front of everyone, "So...I'm getting gay vibes from you. Are you gay?"

I was really taken aback by the forward nature of the question and slightly offended at **how** she asked it? Since I live in an area where it's the kind of thing that could really get someone in trouble (very conservative part of Texas) it's not exactly something that is common here? I was also pretty embarrassed being put on the spot to answer a question (still in front of everyone else) since I'm not even 100% confident with the label I put on my orientation now.

I was extremely nervous and just kind of brushed off the question saying that "No I'm not gay" in a very frazzled manner. When the door opened I ran away and into the classroom (pretty certain my face was completely red). She looked kind of shocked that I ran away from her/the question, but didn't pester me more about it.

Looking back on it, I'm sure I could've handled it better, but I am curious to know if AITA in this situation? Maybe I could've been a bit nicer about explaining it, but again, I don't even know her.A little info about myself so you can understand my POV in the story. I am a little bit egoistic because a long time in my life I had to care for myself because I had no friends and my family was a little torn apart so nobody really took care of me. So I never really learned things like empathy early in life, but since I have friends, my boyfriend and a functioning family I know how to be there for someone else. Still I have phases when I care more about me than others. (Luckily it’s not that often anymore) Idk if that’s normal or me having a negative trait but it is a part of me that I am working on. I already told my boyfriend about it at the beginning of our relationship. He said he’ll understand. 

To the story: me and my Boyfriend were eating at a Restaurant today, he invited me even tho I wanted to pay for myself but he insisted because I lost my job recently and don’t have income! I didn‘t finish my meal because we already had a warm meal this noon. So I took the leftovers home to eat them when I have my evening or night cravings. We came home, walked the dog and watched some netflix. 

He told me he was hungry and asked if he could have my leftovers. I told him no, I want to eat it myself. He said he only wants to take the half. I told him again I want to eat it myself when I am hungry. He was a little pissed and told me, he thinks it was shitty behavior from me. I was a little sad that he said that but I understood him. Still I explained myself that I was excited to eat the leftovers for my evening cravings (I can’t sleep when I am hungry and I don’t eat much in one meal, so I have a lot of small meals a day) and it still was my food and I could decide what to do with it, and he already finished his food at the restaurant. 

He got even more pissed and said “I think it’s shitty from you anyway!” So I got pissed too because he won’t reason with me or understand my arguments. He told me that he paid for my food so he is entitled to have a little from it for himself and it isn’t fair that I won’t let him. I offered him to give him back the money he paid for my food. He answered “No I don’t want it, it is about the principal” Now he is acting offended and barely talks to me. 

This is the first time this happened in our 9 month relationship that he is sulking and I feel like he is over reacting because when he is hungry he can make some bread or the leftovers from what I cooked today! Or am I the bad guy? Was it stubborn to not give him my food? AITA? To be clear, this is a conflict between two of my high school friends. I’m asking on behalf of friend A, as she told the story, so technically I only have info from her side + my own POV:

Context: Friend A and B used to be good friends, however a lot of resentment and conflict had built up over the years, which has resulted in serious arguments here and there. From my observations, this is due to incompatible personalities: friend A is blunt and aggressive, whereas friend B is insecure and tries to undermine friend A’s self esteem. Conflicts usually go along the lines of these examples:

1. Friend A once asked for the other’s opinion on a photo she was posting, to which friend B exclaimed (from across the classroom): “Wow, I didn’t know you were so insecure!”
2. Friend A yelled at friend B when B joked about A's relationship rumors, to which friend B burst into tears in public, because she felt friend A was too accusatory/blaming.

Eventually this reached a climax point. Friend B had been talking to friend A’s guy friend, telling him to “go for it” and ask her out. When friend A found out, she was furious. She texted her, saying to never interrupt with her relationships again, to which friend B brushed off and said: “So do you want me to apologize or something? I don’t really mind I just want to drop this and move on.” B also stated: “What was I supposed to say to him? hey dude sorry she’s hella uninterested I guess ur just not good enough for her standards. idk”.

Friend A told her to stop making excuses, and ended with a blunt: “Just next time stop interfering w/ my stuff I don’t ask you to, and then attempt to fix it. I’m good I don’t need your ‘help’. “

Straight after this message, friend B blocks friend A, no explanation. They continue to maintain a professional relationship for a leadership project at school, but even others can sense the tension. AITA (Friend A) for being too blunt?A little background. My boyfriend works at a restaurant. One of his wealthier customers offered for us to fly down to his vacation house in Mexico for a week. He even offered to pay his airline ticket.

He was very excited about it but I was instantly suspicious. Neither of us knows this man personally beyond the fact that he has been serving him as a waiter for a few years. However, a few of his coworkers and friends apparently do and assured my boyfriend that he was a safe guy and we should go.

I still wasnt convinced, having never even met this man. And offering to even pay for his airfare just seemed too sketchy to me. My family has taken the same position as me.

We are both fairly young (college) and have only been together for about a year. I essentially told him I would not be going because I just didnt feel safe. He interpreted this as me not trusting him or his judgement of people in general, and that I'm putting my family's opinion above his.

I told him he was welcome to go with one of his buddies, but I just didn't feel safe. This has turned into a recurring argument and I feel horrible about it, but I also feel like I should be prioritizing my own safety.

In conclusion: am I the asshole?I (22f) am a cosplayer. I dress up for fun as anime characters and I've been doing that for five years now. I'm not a pro or anything, but I've learned how to sew, make foam armor, that sort of stuff, I'm sorta competent at it right now.

A local anime convention near my town was having a cosplay contest. All you had to do was have your pic taken during the event and sent before their deadline and people would vote on them on Facebook. It was sort of informal and the prize was only a few gift cards so it wasn't a big deal. I don't have much of an online presence so I didn't think I would have a chance, but I decided to give it a shot anyway since I've been building a certain armor for a while and I thought it looked good. Without getting into the details, it's a warrior that happens to have an ample cleavage window. (yeah, I know, but I still love her)

After voting had started, I was surprised at the positive feedback I was receiving. Some comments said I looked fierce, my wig was fantastic, my armor looked real, etc. A few of the comments also pointed out how I was "really doing the character justice" because of the size of my breasts, some more crudely worded than others. I left a like on all the replies since any praise was good. The only issue is: I'm flat as a board.

Underneath my armor, I was wearing what is quite literally a breastplate made out of silicon that gives me (in the words of a friend) some serious boobage. The armor had a neckpiece and shoulderpads, so the seams were perfectly hidden. Since the character's cleavage is sorta diamond-shaped, there's even underboob on display so it doesn't look like I'm just padding out a bra, it looks like the real deal.

A week goes by and I get a notification on facebook. Apparently I won the contest. I was ecstatic, it was the first time my "work" had been recognized like that. I messaged some friends, they were all happy for me. I was reading the comments and one of them stuck out, saying he wasn't surprised I had won considering my body. So I decided to be snarky and reply with "Well, if all that's needed to win a contest are boobs, here's where I bought mine!" and linked the silicon breasts I was using.

And apparently that was a mistake, since I got a few rude comments on that reply, some saying I was fooling people, some a bit more nasty saying I was just using a fake body just to get ahead of "real cosplayers". A few people even left mean comments on my facebook and instagram for that. I took a break from social media because they were being a pain in the ass.

I told friends about what happened and some of them said I might have been the asshole for being snarky like that and I should have just accepted the prize and moved on, but I feel like this situation has escalated way too far. It even soured my mood towards that specific cosplay even though it's probably my best work so far. AITA?

UPDATE: Thank you all very much for all the love, I wasn't expecting this to blow up like this but I'm glad to know I was snarky but a bit justified. Knowing there are more people out there who bust their ass in complex costumes does make me feel better about my boobage.  
SiliconE, not silicon, my bad on that. English isn't my first language.  
For those curious, my chestplate comes from Wirru aka Ameno Kitaro. He detailed the process of making Mai Shiranui's boobs on his Patreon and I just followed his tutorials since I wanted something custom for my skin tone and size. Look him up, his breasts look better than real ones, really. I should have written "got" instead of "bought" in the main post, sorry!I am a freshman (18F) in university, in the middle of winter quarter, and I'm taking three classes. 

So a couple months ago my family and I auditioned to be part of this reality TV show, and we got through. I told my mom to check with the producers to make sure the filming dates don't overlap with my finals, but she didn't tell them because she thought it would affect our chance of making it through auditions. 

Well apparently the film dates are on the same days as the finals for my two classes, and now my mom wants me to drop these classes (The professors of these classes absolutely forbid make-up finals). She doesn't understand that not taking these classes makes me a part-time student, and so not only would my financial aid be affected, I wouldn't be able to live in the residential halls next quarter. I would literally have no place to live. 

We argued over the phone and my mom said that I was being selfish, and that it's a once in a lifetime opportunity, but I've been busting my ass for these classes all quarter and when I told her that she goes, "Have you really?" which made me honestly feel pretty bad about myself. 

So, am I the asshole for prioritizing my education over a stupid game show?So I'm currently in 12th grade, about to graduate in June which is also when my prom is planned to take place. Here in Germany prom is a celebration only for the graduating students and their friends and families. Me and my classmates all have 4 tickets for friends and family and if we want more tickets we need to ask someone else if they'd give us their spare tickets. As my family is the definition of a patchwork family, I need like double the tickets for parents, step parents and siblings as well as my siblings significant others.
The tickets are all for the formal part of the prom, like dinner, first dances, speeches. To save tickets, I'm thinking about asking my stepbrother and his fiancée if they'd mind to come later when the prom is open to the public. I know he's never been someone who loves these formal things - he doesn't even like to wear a suit - and he also is someone who loves to stir up drama and take all the attention for himself which I don't appreciate since my prom is supposed to be my special day. 
My parents say that I have to invite him since he's my stepbrother and I know this might sound like a really shitty move, but I am just afraid that I can't get enough tickets for all of them. Almost everyone I've asked said they use all their tickets. 
So... WIBTA?so i support someone with autism and when they get upset they have a habit of flying off the rails and shouting every insult at me under the sun, some of which i won't say here

and basically today i lost my patience a bit

i told him i wouldn't speak to him until he apologised, that it's not okay to talk like that to anyone, that i don't deserve it when all i do is help him, and reminded him that i don't speak like that to him

does it make me the asshole for calling him out despite the fact that he has autism and learning disabilities?Throwaway because I don’t want this on my main account.

I’m a 33 year old woman living by myself in mid sized city. I jog every other night in a big loop around my neighborhood. A few months ago some people in my community started a volunteer soup kitchen/food pantry type place in an empty lot in a random corner of our town. My jogging trail takes me straight into this lot because I take a small forest trail that spits directly into this area.

My issue has been mostly with the crowd. The building is a series of makeshift containers with windows, not even real buildings. Homeless men from all over congregate. I don’t know if they have a real license for this but the city apparently turns a blind eye. But nearly every time I run through this lot, there will be 1-2 homeless men yelling at me, catcalling me, making feel like I’m in danger just for jogging. 

I’ve tried to complain to their organizers but they basically told me to run somewhere else, which isn’t realistic. I’ve asked them multiple times to vet their crowds a little bit better for other people’s safety but they’ve ignored me. I’ve tried everything to communicate my concerns but they simply said they can’t do anything to help me.

I then wrote letters to my local government and got back some generic message telling me they’re “looking into it” but nothing happened. Eventually I got fed up a few weeks ago and posted to this big women joggers group on fb. It blew up and apparently people were calling my city day in day out to complain. Eventually the city buckled and moved these people and those containers somewhere else. 

I thought that was it, but now I’m getting a lot of hate mail from people in my city calling me privileged and racist. Apparently they had a lot of undocumented families visit there in the daytime (which I had no idea of knowing since I run in the evenings) and after relocating the families haven’t returned out of fear or something else. My name and info was posted in another public group and now I’m getting hate mail all the time calling me a racist (I’m not) and an ignorant rich woman (not ignorant nor rich). 

I’m waiting for the hate to blow over and trying to not let all the mean comments get to me but it’s hard. I think I did what any normal person would do,  but am I the asshole for reporting this food pantry for it’s unsafe crowds?

**EDIT**: I couldn’t run anywhere else because this was a VERY established running trail that tons of people use. Where I live there are mostly highways and few sidewalks, so most people use this trail to run on if they want to jog, period. 

The trail is also well-marked and popularly known. I’ve got nothing against soup kitchens or homeless people; but I just feel like organizers should also be mindful of the community around them. The area, which was previously very safe, had become very, very sketchy in those months. There were always empty bottles of beer or other alcohol around, cigarette butts, random trash, etc. even on the trail themselves.I'm not someone who skips school regularly and it's rare for me to miss my classes but at this point, getting out of bed every morning was getting more of a challenge than usually for me. I haven't been sleeping well for month now (i would either wake up a lot in tue middle of the night or have nightmares). I can't really tell what's wrong (me and my therapist are trying to find out what is making me feel that way). 

So yesterday, when I went to see my therapist, I told her how I felt like everything is getting to much and she even said that I really was looking sickly. When she asked what I wanted to do about it, I said that maybe taking a day off would help (i know that it's not a permanent solution for my problem, but i'm trying to work something out for me). She agreed with me and I thought that I was in the right for once putting my mental health over school.

I told my mom in the evening that i wanted to take the day off and she just looked at me with this doubting expression and at this point I knew that she wasn't really believing me. She said with this stern voice "Don't let this be a regular thing." and then didn't really talk to me the rest of the evening. I felt like a horrible daughter.

This morning, I went to my sisters room and talked a little to her (she got sick, so she also stayed home that day), when my dad entered the room. Apparently, my mom told him that I was sick, too. He asked my sister how sick she felt (so that he knew if he would have to take her to the doctor right away) and she told him that she had already taken some meds, so she was feeling a little better than yesterday. He then turned to me with that grin on his face and asked in a mocking tone "And how sick are you feeling ?", and I just stayed silent, not knowing what to say, as it's really hard to explain my mental health to him (he doesn't really understand, so it's hard to talk with him about this). He just left the room, laughing and said "I know you too well".

I thought that was all but during breakfast he asked what kind of test I was trying to get around by playing sick. I never did this and seeing, that he thought about me like this hurt. I now spend the day still stressed because how guilty I'm feeling. I'm not playing sick but I they don't believe me. 

Am I in the wrong here ?



Edit: Thank you all so much for your kind words and support, I really appreciate it <3 I'm having a really good and relaxed day, so it was totally worth it to ask for that day off :)My job has a team consisting of 2 brothers and myself travelling for 4-5 days a week, at least 3 weeks a month. At first, I didn't mind sharing the room, but after 2 months and a whole year ahead of me, I started getting tired of not having any privacy. We work over 12 hrs a day in order to "make the most out of the trip" and I just want to be myself by myself at the end of the shift. Plus, they snore. AITA for bringing this up to my boss?This happened a few years ago, but I still think about it sometimes.

SO, there's this weird guy at work, we'll call him Creepy Jack.  Creepy Jack is not so bad that anyone has complained about him, but he toes that line HARD.  One day, I mentioned to a friend that my birthday was in X month and Creepy Jack overheard me.  He asks what day and I told him because I was unaware of how to express how fucking weird that was without making it weirder, so I just told him.  Lo and behold, months later, there is a wrapped package on my desk.  It is a box of children's treats, from Creepy Jack.  Happy Birthday.

I don't eat these things, and I don't really want to throw them away, so I decide to use the treats as an ingredient in a dessert dish that I then bring to work.  I feel like it might also be a way of signaling to Creepy Jack, "I don't want this" without actually having to talk to the guy.  The dish is eaten.  And to be fair, I have a few bites myself.

Later, my friends ask me what's the occasion?  What an interesting dish.  Aren't these the treats that Creepy Jack left on your desk yesterday?  I say yes and we all laugh about it, except one person.  She is scandalized that I would serve that food.  She is very concerned that it might have been "tainted" in some way (the factory seal was intact).

I . . . don't know how I feel about her complaint.  On the one hand, Creepy Jack is creepy.  Why the hell is he buying me unsolicited food anyways?  But, like, is he really going to drug something that I'll be taking home to eat and an unspecified time?  And, like I said, it was in an unadulterated box.  But, I can see how that might be something that should be disclosed BEFORE eating.  I dunno.  Judge me.

ETA:  Some common misconceptions: 

1- It didn't even occur to me that the treats might have been tampered with.  That's next level crazy.  Just that one person thought it was possible and was mad the food source was not disclosed.

2- Cooking them was dumb.  (Is that my judgement?  Alright.)  I wasn't trying to communicate to Creepy Jack, "You're a weirdo", more like "I don't accept these, but I will be as non-confrontational about it as I can possibly be.  I shall return the gift to the source."So, the context behind this is a bit strange... me and my mother were watching Harry Potter and she was talking about the snake, Nagini. I made a joke (not a very good one) that it's a slur and she can't say that. She was confused and asked why. I explained the joke telling her it sounds like the n- word, and she replied by saying the actual n- word phrased as a question.

It shocked me, because hearing the word from a white person always feels so wrong and I didn't expect her to say the actual word. So we began arguing about it. Her argument was that she wasn't saying it about or towards someone and it wasn't in a hateful way. I'm not very good at arguing, my biggest counter argument was just that if you're white, you shouldn't say it at all. Simple as that. My sister agreed with my mother. My mum continued to use the word throughout the argument, but made it a point to say that it's a horrible word that she would never directed at someone.

Hope this belongs here? Maybe it's not a situation where someone is the asshole and someone isn't. It's a fairly complex issue. Any opinions, especially from POC who I'd say have more of a right to the decision that a white person does, would be helpful.So my father-in-law, who is actually my wife's step dad, has been reaching out about my wife's student loans which are in his name. They total $28k out of a total $75k we are currently paying off. 

It's recently become a issue because his oldest son is about to graduate highschool, and he has been trying to secure loans for him to attend college. But because of his loans for my wife he is being denied. 

My wife and I finally finished paying off our credit card debt through a debt consolidation company last year and have been building our credit back up.  We have tried twice to release him from the loans being denied both times. We've paid all her loans monthly without fail, and unfortunately we were still denied. 

When he found out this week that we were denied and could not release him from the responsibility of the loans, he put my wife through a guilt trip. He was saying how unfair it was, and that his son deserve to go to college also. Even though we sympathize with that sentiment, there is nothing we can do to either pay off the loans (way too much money) or release him from the loans (the companies denied us twice for a high debt to income ratio).

After my mother-in-law texted my wife saying to please not message him anymore about the loans since he was getting visibly upset and she was getting worried. My wife informed me of all this and said she was feeling guilty for not being able to solve the issue with the loans. I told her he considered her one of his children and took out the loans knowing there was a possibility you could not pay them back immediately. I told my wife to stop talking about it with them and to not answer them anymore if they asked or badgered her. 

I considered calling him and giving him a piece of my mind but decided against it since it wouldn't help the situation. I feel like it's wrong to try and guilt trip or get upset with us about a situation we have absolutely no control over. I understand he's frustrated about his son, it won't change the fact that we can't pay off the loans.

Edit:

Just to clarify a few points:

- The $75k is only the amount we owe in student loans, not our total debt.

- We took care of our credit card debt first since it was smaller ($10k) and there were no options available to us to reconsolidate our student loans. We did it to fix our credit score and with the hope taking him off the loans, but we're denied twice by the companies.

- My FIL took out the loans in his name because my wife had already exhausted her options for financial aide, grants, scholarships, and personal loans to pay for her school. My MIL asked if he could help and he chose to take the loans so she could finish school. 

- My FIL has been bringing up the loans for almost 3 years. His oldest daughter graduated HS first but ended up joining the Navy. Now that his son is about to graduate he has ramped up his questions and even more so that he is in his last year. He has a total of 5 children not including my wife. We've tried the best we can to remove him from the loans with no luck. And have informed him every step of the way.

- Although the debt was technically my wife's before we got married, when we married we decided to pool our money together to tackle and drive down our debt wherever possible. We do not keep separate accounts.

- My Mother-in-law does not work and has no income except for what her husband brings in. So she has very few options for taking out loans for her son.

- In the end what I'm looking for is insight on if IATA for deciding to cut off communication with her parents on this particular issue? We've really exhausted all options but he continues to harass us about the loans.My (19F) boyfriend (22M) wants to visit his grandpa and parents who live in Florida. His grandpa was taken to the hospital over the weekend and they found out that he has throat cancer. My boyfriend is having a really hard time with it, because we live in Michigan and he feels guilty for not being there for his family and he was really close with his grandpa when he was younger. I’ve been trying to be as supportive for my boyfriend as I can and help him through this hard time. I’m the only person he has up here, he has some friends but tells me I'm the only one he feels truly close to.

I’m in college and my spring break is coming up in a couple of weeks. He wants to go visit his grandpa and wants me to come so I can meet his family and support him in his time of need. He wants to go the first half of my spring break then fly home on Wednesday because he can’t take off that much work.  I want to go with him as well because we’ve been together for about 10 months and I haven’t met anyone in his family yet (due to the fact that they live so far away) and I want to be there for him because I see how much pain he’s in.

I told my boyfriend I would love to go visit his family on the first half of my spring break, and that I will be there to support him as well. He planned on flying out Friday or Saturday and going back home Wednesday. My friend asked if I wanted to go on spring break with her before any of this happened and I said it sounded like fun but we never made a solid plan. She asked again to solidify a plan if we could go, and I told her the situation and she was understanding of the position I was in. She planned on driving down, so I suggested that she drives down by herself, and picks me up from my boyfriend’s family’s house on the same day that he flies back home. This works for her because shes excited she still gets to go on a trip (if I couldn’t go with her she wasn’t going).

I told my boyfriend this plan, and he got upset. He told me that he was going to need me the most when he goes home and has to leave his family, and that he either wants all of my support or none of it. That I could go on spring break with my friend or visit his family for a few days with him. I thought that it was a fair compromise on both ends. We were going on the exact same trip to see his family, minus that I wouldn’t be flying home with him, while I still get a few days away with my friend. He thinks that its unfair for him to “compromise” when he’s going through a hard time like this, but I don’t understand how he thinks he’s compromising when only a smart part of our plan changed. He thinks that I'm being selfish, and that he's allowed to be selfish and expect me to do what he says because of the situation.

Am I being selfish for wanting to go with my friend after he plans on going home?My friend was in a relationship where she was constantly being cheated on.  They have since broken up, but when we have conversations she always brings up whoever he was with in a negative way. Making snarky comments or talking about how ugly they are etc, and this is constant. 

She has also been complaining about her friends while at school. Everything they do bothers her, they’re draining or they tell her too much personal information. She complains that she’s lonely cause I’m in a relationship, but I was single the duration of her 3 year relationship in which we never saw her or spoke to her. I sent her this text: 

“I try not to get too bothered by this, and I’m saying this cause I care. When you talk about others negatively or complain about them it’s tiring to listen to. You are going to have so many people you don’t like if it’s based off of who *ex boyfriend* has talked to. I know it hurt you, but you degrading them constantly isn’t a good look.  I hope you can find peace with the situations even though you haven’t gotten closure. And when you complain about ** and ****, I think they are trying to be your friend but it seems like nothing they do is satisfactory? Like you always seem to be irritated by what they say or do and when they didn’t include you I think they knew you would say no because you don’t go out, even if it’s for personal reasons. You’ve been complaining and negative more than usual and I just want to know if you’re ok, and if you think I’m out of line with what I’m saying please let me know.” 

I also mentioned how when she talks to her toxic ex she becomes more negative and it’s frustrating to see her expect different results and to hear her complain about how poorly she was treated but continue to talk to this ex.  She complains about these friends not inviting her, but when they do she complains to our chat. I am so sick of hearing her constant complaining and tearing down of others.

She responded by saying: “I tell you guys because you guy listen but I get it now I won’t say anything. All I do is listen and help them and always putting their problems ahead of mine and I tell people who will actual  my listen and help me. But forget it” 

Am I that asshole for telling her off when she was venting again ?

-edited to remove namesMe (30) and my husband (37) met a decade ago and since then we've gotten married and had a baby. Most the time everything's perfect..
Only problem is my in-laws. Started while we were still dating. At first everything seemed fine but when we decided to live together he moved to my town which is a couple of hours away. They did not take it well, saying he was wrong and he hurt them real bad. Engagement came and in-laws got really sad/angry. Before the marriage they started being really mean, my SIL calling me childish cause I made him move away from them, telling her brother he should see a lawyer to make an agreement in case I get pregnant and run away with baby, etc. Almost called the engagement of but ultimately we figured they would eventually accept it and we really loved each other.
Fast forward a couple of years, i almost had a miscarriage and it was a really difficult pregnancy. They never came to see us. Even when the doctor told me to stay in bed we made the effort a couple of times to go see them. Baby's born healthy, I almost died due to blood loss, in-laws visit once in the hospital. When we got home we decided that we would accept visits from all friends and family but baby and me would not be doing long trips. My in-laws visited their grandchild when he was 3months. And they only came to tell their son he is such a disappointment and to tell my mother she's shit ( she was visiting as well and they showed up unannounced). Just like that and out of the blue. I was hurt but thought " my baby is much more important than all this and I want to teach family values so I'm not gonna cut contact". We continue visiting like once every 2/3 months always ignoring snarky comments towards me, my husband and the baby ( I'm to fat, husband doesn't visit enough, baby's not developing right etc.). I ignored most of it but I admit that back home I have cried non stop thinking I'm a bad mother and my child is not ok. Doctors always said baby is perfectly fine and my husband and my family are always reassuring me.
Back at December I lost it. My husband's bday is a couple of days after Christmas and since we spend Christmas with in-laws we decided to just be the 3of us on his bday. 3 days after I see Facebook. There was a comment on my husband's page from my FIL " Happy Birthday with your foster family. Hope you have fun. Your real family loves you and misses you". OUR BABY IS NOT FOSTER FAMILY. Even if we had adopted that is such an inhuman comment to make. I had this huge fight with husband because he didn't thought anything of it and now I decided we're not visiting anymore. They can come see us with an apology but I'm done. They've shown such disrespect towards their grandchild that i even said to my husband the only way he's taking the baby to his parents again is if we divorce.
I've made my decision.
My husband's sad but says he agrees with me.
Still I'm wondering... AITA here?Will I be the asshole if I leave my competitive siege team after only a few weeks when I said I was committed until the qualifiers for the semi pro league (challenger league for those in the know)

Pretty much I said I was committed to this team but really now I’m starting to realise I just don’t want to play competitive gaming anymore, it take up too much time for only a few hundred dollars in winnings a year. My last team was fantastic however recently they all retired from competitive siege. I thought I loved competitive siege but I’m starting to realise I just loved competitive siege with my previous team. I know longer want to put the hours into training and don’t get any enjoyment out of actually playing. If I leave this team there is no way they are making Challenger league however I kinda feel like there’s no chance atm even with me. 

TLDR: lost my motivation for competitive gaming but promised I would commit to this team. Will I be the asshole if I leave and retire from competitive gaming.I’m in this situation right now where a friend developed feelings for me and I can’t reciprocate (because he’s not my type).

He tried to bounce back and keep things going like nothing happened, but because of my schedule and because I’m not around to see this person as I have a close circle of friends I only really have time for, he got a bit upset that I’m not putting in the effort even as a friend, so I told him I’d be cool with messaging but beyond that (like meeting up in person) is difficult.

He’s gotten upset with me a few times over this, and my patience has been wearing thin. He eventually admitted he needed to get help because of his insecurity issues and I told him he knows what the right thing to do is. He said knows it’s been a struggle because of the feelings, and he hopes we can still at least chat and maybe meet up on occasion on my terms when I’m ready.

At this point I just ignored him, not because he’s a terrible person, but because he needs to learn that he deserves someone better than me that can meet his needs. He only messaged me once in the last couple of days by sending me a funny meme, but I didn’t reply. I think he realized what he’s been trying to do and knows he has to take a step back.

It sucks because he really is a decent person, and I want him to be happy, but I don’t feel like I am able to contribute to his growth when he still has very high expectations for me based on what he’s wanted in our relationship.

Maybe in a couple of months or so I’ll be more open to just chatting with him if I can see that he’s taking steps to improve himself. Unreciprocated feelings are the worst and most complicated thing anyone can endure, and I empathize.

EDIT- Before you say he’s a creep, I’m going to say he’s not. He hasn’t tried to physically make a move and he never said anything inappropriately graphic towards me. He also never really tried to make me change my plans to hang around him, he just saw the pattern and got upset by it.Whenever I go to the WC at school, I often notice some of the dudes don't wash their hands before leaving the bathroom (only three of all the stalls have sinks and they're on the other floors, so I know they didn't wash their hand in the stall). One of them was even the kind of person to randomly boop others' noses and all that so the first time I've seen him leaving the bathroom without washing his hands, I was even more disgusted.    
Now, I'm not a full-blown hypocondriac either, but it still makes me really uncomfortable (and I'm not even talking about the viruses that's out there... Oh wait...). I've been wanting to say something for a while, but I'm usually rather quiet so I haven't yet. 

Would I be thr asshole if I called them out ? I'm thinking a "Hey ! Aren't you forgetting something ?" as they leave. Some other students and teachers might be around so it might sound like public humiliation, but if they feel humiliated by being called out, they should wash their hands in the first place, right ? Or maybe put a sign on the door that would read "Kids learn to wash their hands after peeing in kindergarden, why are some adults still having troubles with that ?" or something like that...So two days ago, my roommate (23) and I (21) were making dinner. In my house there is 4 of us total and we tend NOT to do family style, we have our own food, with a friendlier “hey can I use that, can I use this” type of vibe. My roommate was making her rice, and found a bug 
note: she has had this same bag of rice since September. And my other roommate tends to put open jars in the dry food cabinet (ex. open pasta sauce, open bags of pasta etc.) 
We were both very grossed out and decided to completely deep clean the kitchen the next day as it was 11 at night and we were both tired. Note After we dealt with the immediate issue. Getting rid of the rice and anything else open (as in not sealed from store) or questionable right off the bat, disposed of it in the dumpster, bleached. 
I let her know that I couldn’t deep clean so until after work tomorrow at 5 pm. 
I am the one who cooks the most in the house, and I have accumulated quite a lot of stuff spices, pastas, rices. That I keep separate from that one cabinet as my mother always taught me to to take care of my food. I come home later (6pm when I was done work) to my roommates (23) and (19) having thrown virtually every single food item in the kitchen away. Including my spice sets, cooking oil, all of my stuff in the fridge, my food in our kitchen closet everything. Leaving only a handful canned good. I was mad. I said they didn’t have to do that and I was visibly mad, and said that I had the most in there and this effects me the most. Which I probably shouldn’t have even said. I have left and have been at my boyfriends since. 
My roommate texted me saying she doesn’t appreciate that I was mad after they cleaned all day and it effects everyone, they all had food they had to throw away and sent me a number of articles of things that would happen if maggots were to enter your brain etc. I said I simply wanted a text before they had done that and it was not their place to throw away all of my food in the kitchen. She said everything they threw out was expired when it truly wasn’t as I had just gone grocery shopping last week and they had thrown all of that out as well. AITA for being mad? And AITA if I ask them to at least partially reimburse me for my spice sets they threw out?
I did not think we needed to throw out everything in the kitchen and if they were doing that I feel I should have had warning in regards to my food. 

Note: Only one bug, I didn’t see it and do not know much about this so I don’t know what it was. 

Note: I deep clean often and we have only lived in this apartment since September. The house was renovated just before we moved in in September. 

Please note my kitchen is very clean lol I clean it very often, my house was just renovated before I moved in and to be honest I’m not sure it was a maggot or what, it could have been a random bug, I’m not sure I did not see it. She just said it was a maggot.The story is : i applied for a school abroad in January and got accepted lately. I did everything by myself, went through the whole process from sending the documents to the interview alone. I didn't tell anybody not even my family or friends. I got accepted, that's when i decided to tell my family. After hearing my news, my older brother decided to apply for a masters degree which is totally fine, even though he had this idea since years but has always been hesitant about it. 

The problem is: he expected me to do the whole thing for him. At first, he asked me to look up the courses that might suit him - which is something kinda dumb, how come someone who's applying for a course, not knowing what he wants- but well, i did some research and sent him what i found (i didn't do extreme efforts tbh, i just looked for basic information because i'm convinced that was up to him to look not someone else). Then, he asked me to make a resume for him which is what i did and also sent him the open file and told him to add necessary stuff that might help him get accepted. Now, he just came to me to tell me to fill the demand for him because he doesn't know how and that he hasn't time- he's a student, doesn't have daily courses, having activities outside school, meeting friends which are the things i am sacrificing for studies, freelancing to save some money for myself and helping with the house chores ( from which he's totally excused because yes, in 2020, somewhere in the world, women still cook and clean for men) in the other. so i just told him that i don't have time either but showed him how to do with the website where he needs to apply and told him to continue. He didn't like that because he's expected me to do the whole thing without a complaint and today he indirectly accused me for being selfish for obviously not wanting to do what he expected me to do. 

AITA for telling him i don't have time too to do something so basic and that he is supposed to do it himself.No explanations and I am sorry but it happened just now and I am still trying to cope.

It's 9 p.m. I love my sleep and go to bed early to stand up early for work.

If my dad would be there for me he would know that.

Instead of that he stayed away from us and just showed up when he needed something.

So, I am 26, I live in another country and have found my soul mate here. We have two sons, both not older than 3 years.

So just now my dad called me. I picked up my phone and asked 'what?'. I am an a-hole at this hours. I admit it.

My dad instantly responded with 'this is not how I raised you'.

Some background information. The first 15 years of my life, my dad didn't want to do anything with me. He basically didn't acknowledge my existence.

I said 'you didn't raise me at all, what do you want?'

'I want you to know that my wife is pregnant.'

Did I look like I cared? No.

Did I care? No.

So he told me, the woman that he banged while my mom was pregnant, is now his wife and pregnant.

My dad is about 45 now. The woman herself should be 40. Yes she was (for people who don't want to see the age I will not show it) back then, yes my dad was 20. It was in Russia and this age gap was nothing fkr them.

Anyways I told him to f* off, to never call me again and to stay out of my life.

Now AITA for that action?Ok so this happened recently at school there these two girls one of them is this new transfer student who got to know let’s call her daniel they are always taking about vags and it’s just disgusting I don’t want to bore you so I’m gonna just jump into it so I was at my desk working when my “friend” next to me daniel she started talking about her vag saying hers hurts I was discussed but she does this all the time so by now it’s normal I told her if she talks about it again ima gonna to tell the teacher and she did not want that it would tarnish her “reputation “ so she stoped but then her friend wrote something to her on a note this is the transfer student let’s call her gabby and passed it she put it in her desk and went to use the bathroom me of course curious Jorge wanted to see what it said and took it out of her desk and checked it said rats meaning people they thought were disgusting and stupid etc and had my name and others this happened many times they passed notes and giggled then went away but she always gave it back to gabby who ripped it up and threw it away of corse I had dirt on them and went to tell the teacher which chewed her out and told her mother other students near the door heard him say and miss out on the senior trip unless she had a person to go with them AITA for getting her in trouble and possibly ruining a great trip which she looked forward to ? Or everyone sucks hereSo it’s my first time posting and I’m on mobile so I apologize for any formatting issues.

I’ll begin with a bit of backstory: My (23f) former best friend (23f) who I’ll refer to as M, who was my matron of honor in my wedding and basically my other half for years, she and I no longer talk. There are many things that led up to the demise of our friendship but that’s a super long story for another day. For now we will just say that she was not there for me when I needed her and she pretty much tossed me aside.

Anyways after the fall of our friendship M continued to talk to my mom. Now M’s husband is in the military and is currently living overseas where M had been until very recently. My mother went alone to visit M last year and that was honestly really hurtful to me because of what has happened with M and I’s friendship and how she has previously treated me. I told my mom this and she still went despite knowing how upset I was.

Recently M’s husband told her he wanted a divorce. So she came back to the US and has been talking to my mother and my mom said that she was going to allow her and her child to stay with them some and even borrow their car since she does not have one. While I feel really bad for her I really don’t appreciate her continuing a relationship with my mom after her basically saying “screw you” to me and our friendship. However I tried to be empathetic and kind and reached out to her and told her how sorry I was about what she was going through and I apologized for not beign the best friend to her because I can own up to that. And I told her that I was always there for her and her child and the baby (she’s currently like 5 months pregnant). However she didn’t read the message for over a week. She stopped looking at my messages a while ago when I still was trying to talk to her and be friends so this kind of triggered all the upset feelings to come back and I told my mom to stop treating her like she’s a part of the family when she basically just tossed me and our friendship to the side. Am I the asshole for not wanting my mom to talk to someone who tossed me and our friendship aside?

Edited to add: Whenever M is around my mom acts like the world revolves around her. She doesn’t answer when I call and she ignores me to do stuff with M constantly. I know that M is more the type of daughter she always wanted because I don’t like shopping and makeup and things like that but M does. And I am having trouble getting pregnant but she treats M’s kid like that’s her grandchild. And despite me telling her time and time again how hurtful it is she continues to pretty much replace me with M.I know it sounds really bad but please let me explain.

Her period has been over a week late now. I am definitely not an expert on female anatomy but I do know that this isn't normal so we were both worried that she was pregnant. We went to do the groceries and picked up a pregnancy test. When we put away all the stuff we both went into our bedroom and she went to use the bathroom.

Lo and behold, when she comes out of the bathroom she is sobbing. Just, absolutely bawling and in hysterics. It was extremely worrying. I dropped what I was doing and asked her if everything was okay and she didn't respond so me being the idiot that I am, asked if she was pregnant. She looked at me like I committed a crime and said "no you retard I left the package downstairs on the counter". I obviously apologized for this but that didn't stop the tears from coming (before I go on let me say that she ended up taking the test and it was negative, and her period also came). The crying got progressively worse and I tried to give her a hug but she turned away from me. I was racking my brain for what I did wrong but I couldn't think of anything that I did. She then went to go sit on the couch and I went to sit next to her and I tried to hold her hand and rub her back but she *removed my hand from her's and then turned away from me so that she was facing the other side of the sofa.*

Something similar has happened before. When she gets upset she just completely shuts down mentally and doesn't say or do anything (before anybody asks, no she is not on the spectrum) until she "gets a chance to process her emotions". The only difference is that this time her body language and mannerisms indicated that she didn't want anything to do with me. So I didn't do or say anything and I sat next to her and waited for her to calm down. I don't want to go into the details but it turns out that she misses her mom. Who lives a 20 minute drive away.

After she got a handle on herself she lashed out at me and asked me why I didn't do anything to comfort her. I was completely floored because I DID try, literally everything I did she turned down and she completely shut me out for no reason that I can think of. She wanted me to apologize but I said nah screw that I'm not apologizing until you tell me what caused you to treat me that way. She's had no response to that thus far.So My(m21) girlfriend (f19) got super dressed up this morning and was looking good. So I told her over FaceTime that she looked good, especially in the jeans. Soshe said she was gonna go show her Lesbian friend “Jessica” the outfit in the living room. So she goes and Jessica (gay) starts telling her how good she looks which I’m fine with but then My gf says something like “ my butt looks good in these pants and I’m assuming she showed her. Jessica continues on talking and says Hey man you better treat her right or I’m gonna have to take her from you” in a joking manner. 1. Why are you pointing out your more sexual parts to a girl who you know is gay? Whether she likes her like that or not. I asked her if she would do the same if a guy was there and she was like “depends on how close I am to the guy, it’s not a big deal because Jessica is my best friend. I told her that would be completely unacceptable and make me very uncomfortable. 2. I’ve met this Jessica girl a few times but I just don’t care for her a whole lot. I have a good feeling that she used to like my gf before I came into the picture and she has a bad habit of making those types of “jokes” about my gf when I don’t know her like that. Now I’m annoyed that my gf fought with me about it rather than just respecting that it made me uncomfortable and stopping the action. AITA?

TLDR; gf shows off how good her butt looks in jeans to lesbian friend. I get very uncomfortable and tell her to stop doing that. Gf defends her friend.I am a guy, my girlfriend and I have been dating for about 5-6 months. Today we have an issue because we set a time to meet and talk out some things, and last night she brought a plant over, and whoever has the plant is supposed to do the talking, right? No rebuttals to each other while we have the plant. One can ask the other for the plant, but we are both free to say no, for any reason. I let her have the plant, and besides "I hear you", or "that is valid" or "can I hear more about that?" very sparingly (active listening, basically), she was uninterrupted by me. When I got the plant and started talking, she escalated and began getting louder/speaking over me. After it started to keep happening, I took a deep breath and said "I have the plant, I want it to be my turn. Are we still doing the plant thing?" and that set her off. She snatched the plant off the table, and said "NO! We aren't doing the plant anymore", and when I asked her if we could take a deep breath, she left my room and went into the common area where my roommates (nobody else was home) and I share a kitchen and bathroom and sobbed very loud for 10-15 minutes.

Today, I contacted her and asked to meet in person. Amongst some other things about how I feel like a lot of the time she communicates indirectly and puts me down because I don't get that one thing is supposed to mean another, that the plant thing and the sobbing were uncomfortable to me. I understand its not voluntary. I told her that as a black man of my stature and identity (6 ft athletic build black dude, not a humble brag, but its true that people OFTEN assume scary things about me, especially in confrontation), people who walk by are likely to assume I am an aggressor and treat me accordingly. I told her we can't control other people, but its my reality that I don't want my RA to come have to see about me for a noise complaint/wellness check  especially if the whole thing kicked off because I (calmly) asked for some room to speak. My RA didn't come, and it was definitely loud enough and late at night where a noise complaint could've happened. My floor is not super big, and anyone walking by would hear it, and they also know that I live here too. I shared that the assumption and situation is uncomfortable to me, because for anyone else in the vicinity, people treat me differently because a woman sobbing in my room very much sounds like I am an aggressor. I told her I want her to have space to be sad and cry, and I explicitly communicated that I also want something that works for both of us, so I asked her to let me know what boundaries and space she needs from me and how I can encourage it so that she can express herself how she needs to. She cut me off mid thought and walked out. AITA for asking her to not sob so loudly in the common area, or for any of the other things, and AITA for asking her to let me finish my thought, which is what seemed to make her cry in the first place?I (42F) would like to back out of being a bridesmaid in my husband's sister's (29F) wedding. I hate being a bridesmaid. My sister-in-law asked me to be a bridesmaid knowing this. She said that otherwise I would be the only sibling in her family that wouldn't be in the wedding party and as my husband is a groomsman "people would talk" and that would distract from "her day". So, I agreed.

Cut to this week. She has sent me a document that includes my duties for the wedding. I have expressed that I am not willing/able to do this list. But, she insists that it is normal and I would be selfish to not make it perfect.

* Design all of her invitations, programs, signage, website, etc. for free. I am a full-time professional designer. She also refuses to sign my pro-bono contract that stipulates things like number of revision rounds, licenses, etc. "because we are family." She did not ask me to do this. She said it would be "my special job". The other bridesmaids' "special jobs" are things like collecting and dropping off tuxes after the wedding.
* Drive to (6.5 hour drive) and pay for overnight accommodations for every event she has planned, including 2 wedding dress shopping weekends, a wedding planning weekend, bridal shower, dress fitting, a decoration weekend, and be in town for a full week before the wedding to assist her in "whatever comes up". Her other bridesmaids live less than 2 hours from her.
* Attend her destination bachelorette party for 6 days for $2400 (this cost covers me and a share of her expense so that she pays nothing).
* Purchase and wear a tube top dress (held up with only elastic bands above and below the bust) made of a single layer of lightweight fabric ($120). Problems: 1) I am a heavier, older woman who needs a G-cup supportive bra with straps. 2) Her wedding is outdoors in November in Wisconsin.
* Purchase and wear a bra, underwear, and robe set ($175) that she has picked out and wear it while getting ready and be photographed in it. The largest size is a size too small and am very uncomfortable about being photographed even if it is only for her "personal album".
* Purchase two pairs of shoes ($120) that she has picked out: heels for the ceremony and ballet flats for the reception. I get ingrown nails easily and so my podiatrist has told me not to wear these types of shoes that push down on my nails. My sister-in-law said that it would only be for a "few" hours (approx. 2PM-1AM) and so I should be able to deal with it.
* Purchase and wear a set of costume jewelry that she picked out ($50). I have a major allergy to most metals that make me break out in hives if worn for any period of time. 

With her unwillingness to make any concessions, I would like to tell her I cannot be in the wedding. She already has (without me included) seven bridesmaids (all of which are between the ages of 20 and 29, BTW). WIBTA if I backed out even though I agreed to do it and it would mean being the only one not in the wedding party?So my friends and I (16F) were playing football (soccer) yesterday after school (yes, we all love a game of football) and one of them (15M) accidentally blasted the ball in my face, giving me a slight bruise.

I was angry at him and asked him what on earth was that for. He rushed over to me and apologised profusely and mentioned that he was trying to clear the ball but didn't see me near him. I got mad and yelled at him that I'm hurt now and that "sorry" won't fix the damage he's done.

He thought about it for a while, then ran to the shops and returned with an ice pack. With a cheeky smile, he said "No, but this might do the trick" and stretched out his hand to give the ice pack to me. A few of our friends were laughing at the joke, but I didn't find it funny, slapped it out of his hand and told him to piss off and left the pitch, leaving him standing all alone with a few friends left.

When I got home, after pondering about it for a while, I realised that I had made a terrible mistake and wanted to apologise to him. I sent him a long message, explaining that I was hurt, angry and wasn't thinking straight and that I thought of his joke as an offensive one rather than a friendly one at the time and that most of all, I'm sorry.

He replied with a rolling eye emoji and didn't send anything else after that and now I'm wondering if it's his turn to over-react now. AITA?So today in our little group of friends a rather religious guy was freaking out because some writer made blasphemous comments in one of his books, so I told him to not care about what others say. That's when this dumbass friend of mine jumps in the chat and goes all like "so you think you're better than us, we get it you hate our religion" I tried explaining what I meant to say for half an hour until I got tired and simply said that he's too much of a dumbass to comprehend what I said. Now he's refusing to talk to me and also kicked me out of the group. So AITA for calling him a dumbass?First off, I'm still living with my parents and in school, and so is my girlfriend. Her parents aren't together anymore and she only sees her dad like once every 2 to 3 months. This weekend, they were supposed to meet up for the first time since Christmas.

The issue is that her dad was recently in Rome, Italy and returned today symptom-free. Yet, the incubation period for Corona is 14 days, so if she would go to see him, there would be a small but realistic chance she'd get infected, thus exposing me to the virus before she would know she had it as well.

She asked me if she should go see him and I told her I wouldn't, but it would still be her decision to make. The only thing I said was that if she went to see him, I wouldn't meet up with her for the next two weeks because I didn't want to be at risk of getting the disease. This is not only because of myself but also because both of my parents are at a higher risk of suffering or even dying from it (because of asthma and rheumatism).

Now she kinda blames me for putting pressure on her because I am "threatening" to withdraw myself from her if she went to see her dad. AITA for issuing this kind of ultimatum?title says the most of it but let me elaborate.

This guy judged me for my past toxic relationship with a woman who lied multiple times, he went to defend her side for months even though most of the times i didnt do anything wrong, whenever an argument came i had to defend myself against 6-7 of her friends.

after that relationship i met my now girlfriend who i've been with for one and a half years.

He tried to break us up multiple times aswell as talk badly about me behind my back to her and my best friend.

Later my girlfriend got drunk and ended up cuddling with this guy (we had agreed beforehand that would be cheating)

he's made remarks about my girlfriend like he wants to get her drunk and so on again

I told her i wasnt comfortable with her sleeping at his place and that i dont want her to do so in the future, she then says that she doesnt do that to my friends and she now ignores me and doesnt want to talk to me

Am i the asshole?I (33m) am a lawyer in a smallish office, there are around 30 people including support staff. I have worked here for 8 years. The average age is probably 45 but there's a group around my age. 

Around 8 months ago, we hired a new paralegal L (f25) who I liked immediately. From how she acts I would not have guessed she was 25 or that this is her 1st full time office job.

L and I have a teasing/joking relationship. We will often stop by each other's offices to share a funny story or whatever. It seemed like flirting but I  wasn't sure. 

A few weeks ago our coworker's band had a show. L told me that she and some other coworkers were going and that I should come too. Turns out we're the only people from our office who went, so we hung out and talked the whole time. I tried a few flirty arm/shoulder touches which she seemed fine with. To say goodbye I gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

I thought about it all weekend and decided to ask L out. At work on Monday I asked L to come to my office. I told her that I value our working relationship and would never want to jeopardize that, but that I would love to see her more outside of work. L was visibly surprised and said that she would be happy to see me outside of work as a friend. I was obviously very embarrassed and changed the subject. I have not brought it up again.

However, L has been acting uncomfortable around me ever since. Where before she would come into my office to talk about a case, sit down, and hang out a bit, now she stands in the doorway and leaves as soon as possible. She has not initiated a social conversation or addressed me directly in a group setting. When I joined a conversation between L and a coworker, L moved to the other side of the coworker's desk. The other day she went into the lunchroom, saw only my stuff there, and left for 10 minutes until more people arrived (she doesn't know I saw that,  I was in the kitchen).

Clearly I made her uncomfortable by asking her out. I tried to do it as respectfully as I could, but AITA for asking her out in the first place?

TL;DR I asked out a coworker and now she's uncomfortable,  AITA?I (30F) am currently stalmating with my (32M) husband over a argument that happened with our friends over the weekend. It led to my husband feeling that another couple who ended up leaving the chat after the confrontation had dishonored him by dismissing his experiences and accusing him of being extremely mean. They left because my husband blocked them both on another social media site, they felt like they couldn't reach out and that he had severed ties for good.
I believe its not okay that they made him feel that way. They need to apologize to him. But when I confronted him, saying that he shouldn't have blocked them, that he escalated the situation he accused me of not siding with him, that if we were a team id agree with him and stonewall our two friends. But I have discussed with them what happened and I wholeheartedly believe it was them not handling the situation well, that they are remorseful for making him feel like his traumas were dismissed, and that they insinuated he was a bully.

Now my husband is stonewalling me saying that i don't love him, thatI i don't accept his boundaries and how he enforces those boundaries. That im siding with them, that i want him to be a doormat for others to tramp on. I keep telling him that i am siding with him, because i don't believe it was right what happened, but that as his wife and partner, challenging him to be open to apology and criticizing how he enforces his boundaries doesn't mean i don't love him or want him to be a doormat. Honestly i don't want him to be, i just feel he needs to not be so aggressive when people cross certain boundaries, and to hear them out once and then determine if they're genuine. I don't like the idea that if i was his partner and we were a team id be agreeing with him and giving them the same cold shoulder and stonewall he is giving them. So am i the asshole?My fiancé and I have been together for almost four years now. He is my everything and I would never do anything to intentionally hurt him. My fiancé was born in a country where it is mandatory for men to serve in the military for about two years. He enlisted in 2017 and was finally discharged last summer. I have this one ex who I have been on and off with since I was 14. I was 22 when I ended things with him for good (I actually broke up with him for my current fiancé) and I know it broke his heart but I thought he would understand that in the end we weren’t right for each other. But I was wrong. 

He moved on and found a new woman to make him happy and I was genuinely happy for him but in December 2018, he contacted me. He told me that he was getting married to his girlfriend but he still had feelings for me, and he wouldn’t marry her if there was still a chance that we could be together again one day. I told him that I am happy with my fiancé and that there is no future for us and then he hung up on me. I never spoke to him again after that. I have always been honest with my fiancé and I had every intention on telling my him what happened but I believed that it would be best not to tell him at that time because he was enlisted. He was already going through the stress of being in the army I didn’t want to add on to that, especially because we couldn’t talk whenever we wanted to. So I was afraid that he was going to turn it into something bigger in his mind and it was going to drive him crazy while we so far away from each other. I decided to just have that talk with him when he got discharged, but when he finally did I was too excited and happy to be with him again that the whole situation just never crossed my mind. So I never actually told him what happened. 

Fast forward to now, my fiancé and I are more in love than ever and happily living together. A few days ago we had friends over and ended up playing ‘Never Have I Ever’ and one of my friends said ‘Never have I ever messaged to an Ex while with my current bf’ and I suddenly remembered the confession so I put my finger down and everyone started ‘ooh’-ing and pushing me to tell what happened and I just brushed it off and said it was nothing serious or romantic and we continued playing. After our friends left he asked me about speaking to my Ex and I told him everything and explained why I didn’t tell him when it happened and he got upset. I have tried to explain my reasoning but he says I should have just told him anyways, no matter what.

I love him more than anything I am afraid that I have ruined his trust in me and hurt our relationship. I was trying to be considerate of his feelings while he was in the army but because of his reaction now I feel like I did the wrong thing by not telling him.

AITA?Me and 3 guys moved into a house.  We were planning to throw a house warming party that also celebrated the birthday of one of the roomates.  One friend took charge in planning everything.  He basically planned for just drinking and snacks.  

A friend texted me that they heard the roomate complaining about the birthday party.  The roommate isn't really in to drinking and is more of a games activities type.  So I texted the roomate who was planning things about my concerns about wanting to add activites to the party that the birthday guy would want to take place in.  **The planning roomate had thrown me a birthday party before that he basically just turned into a party for himself and I felt like that was happening again and wanted my roomates to not have to deal with that.**

The planning roomate took screenshots of my text and sent them to the birthday roomate.  The roomate, put on the spot about complaining about the party behind his back, of course denied complaining and said he was fine with the party as planned.  The planner then accused me of using this as my way of trying to change the party that the other 3 had agreed on into something just I wanted.  I was furious that he had taken screenshots of what I viewed as a private conversation and sent them to my other roommate.  He basically flipped the situation to make me look like an asshole.  I got pissed and basically said throw whatever party you want and I un-RSVP'd on Facebook.  I did end up going.

The party happened and went fine, but I'm still wondering if I handled this right.My girlfriend and I both go to the same college and so we often times will sleep over at each others places. This is great, absolutely love it, but the problem is that she won't sleep over with me / let me sleep over unless I commit to waking her up (and thus me also waking up) at a specified time in the morning. I get that this is probably the dumbest AITA you've ever stumbled across, but it does cause a lot of tension in our relationship. Her side is that it's not that big of a deal for me to do such a small thing and that she has a hard time getting up if she sees I sleep in. My side is that 1) I already hate waking up early, 2) it sucks waking her up (she'll pull the sheets over her head, moan, get cranky, basically do anything not to wake up) and 3) why is it MY responsibility for you to start your day on time? AITA?So, I'm in 11 different discord servers, most of which are owned by me. If you don't know what discord is, it's pretty much Skype/Team speak. In one of the servers, we talk about how our day has gone, roleplay, NSFW stuff, etc. It has a specific category labeled "Vent" with different channels. Some of the channels are "anxiety", "depression", "mental issues", etc. I have severe anxiety and depression so I use those channels a lot. In the "mental issues" one, someone mentioned that they find death very peaceful and said something like "Just the thought of someone dying is peaceful" and then we started down on that topic. I didn't get in until really late and it was slowing down, like people were getting ready to log off. I said something that offended another person and the conversation is as followed: 

my friend: yeah, i mean, watching some go peacefully is nice but like.. no burning

me: i see where ya'll are coming from. definitely feel the same way about that but all forms of it

admin: OP, you're saying that if your best friend burned, you wouldn't be sad?

me: that's.. not what i said

admin: yeah, no. you cant talk about this stuff here. we want it to be a safe place and want everyone to feel welcomed. not that you want to burn them.

me: but.. i don't want to burn them and this is literally called "mental issues". if you don't want me posting here, turn my permissions off to here (there's a way to do so in the settings)

admin: i just might. and maybe the entire server. we don't want someone to be killing anyone here

me: so... you're going to turn my permissions off so i cant do anything because i was talking about the topic?

admin: no, i'm turning off your permission because the topic was over and you had no reason to. also, i'm changing your roles. i thought you were a good person. turns out you're not

my friend: you're really going to take things away from him because you don't want to have him talking?

admin: its keeping people safe

At this point, I had no permissions and told my friend so. it was amazing why he didn't just kick me from the server. I was really frustrated and was ready to just leave it at that. He ended up taking away a bunch of my self given roles (i was an admin for a long time) and left me with pyro. i ended up messaging him and asking what he was doing. he told me that what he was doing was keeping people safe and away from me. i told him that he needed to stop acting like a child and stop treating me like i'm a threat. he got really offended and reported me. my discord account has been suspended for a few weeks. so am i the asshole for talking about something in the right spot?I've been friends with this girl for about 3 years now and I've sort of taken her under my wing as she's very introverted. I have a problem where I'm very generous with my money and constantly lend it to people or buy them drinks/meals when we're out; a lot of people have taken advantage of this. I've always justified it by the fact that I earn a lot and just want people to have fun when we're out. Over the years however I've started to have some self respect and know when people are taking the piss. 

When I've been out I've always done round with this girl or she'll offer to get me a drink when she's up, so in my eyes she's good people. I'll always buy a few extra rounds when we're out or pay for dinner if we're doing something alone. No ulterior motive, as I said I just want people to have a good time and not have to worry about their finances. 

She recently started dating some guy who took an instant dislike as we're close and has seen me as sort of a rival. I'm just happy for her so I put up with her jibes and even offered on getting him a few rounds when we're out, but he always insist on buying me a round or saying no so I let it slide. 

A few weeks ago her bag was stolen and she lost her Nintendo switch. Her birthday was coming up so I bought her a new one with her two favourite games and handed them over at the small party we had. Her BF was not happy and stormed out of the room and confronted me when I was in the loo. Apparently I'm trying to buy her love or undermine him, I apologised and said he was wrong and left it at that?

AITA here? I've got the cash to spare and don't want anything back. I'm not interested in her at all and I just like seeing my friends happy.I (20F) recently became friends with another person (20F). We were talking one day and she mentions that she is a lesbian. I tell her that I don't care, meaning her sexuality doesn't affect how I see her. It doesn't bother me that she is gay, it doesn't affect me. I told her that her sexuality doesn't concern me in a friendship. She immediately takes offense to this. She says, "How can you not care? It is 2020! Don't you care about gay rights?" And I was a little taken aback because i guess she misunderstood what I say by "I don't care". Perhaps I was a little blunt when I said "I don't care", but should I have had a nicer response? I told her," Of course I care about gay rights, its just that sexuality has nothing to do with a friendship. I like people for who there are. I dont "care" because your sexuality doesn't matter to me." She proceeds to say,"So LGBT people don't matter to you?? This is why people are so afraid to come out!" 

At this point I was fucking speechless. this girl was completely twisting my words. I meant that sexuality doesn't matter because you should see people as there are. Your sexuality is apart of you, not all of you. I just don't think ur sexuality should be a personality trait thats all. idk what do you guys think?


edit: wow, so surprised by the amount of responses! its so interesting to hear ur differing opinions. thanks so much!So, some background for this story, I am the one who started this D&D group with my friends, but recently I took a break from DM-ing while I figured out how to make the final dungeon run smoothly. In that break, my friend decided to run his own game, with me and the others as players. 

The main problem with said game is that it is total anarchy. We started the first session with a wild west style "hunt some outlaws" mission. It ended with us evacuating said wild western town, and a plot to resurrect a long-dead lich. The second session in a new town, trying to figure out why people were disappearing. It ended with us fleeing the city due to a one-off joke that got way out of hand. This is just an example of how stupid it got sometimes. 

The only character that is really important to this story is mine, because they are the focal point of the argument. I made a Lizardfolk monk, who I was going to make a way of the 4 elements.  This sort of pertains to his backstory. He comes from a tribe with inherited elemental powers. His powers don't manifest when his friends' do, and he is ridiculed.

A major part of the whole "inherited powers" thing is that you get the elements from your parents. Mostly, people just marry and such with their own element. However, my character is born  of an affair. This would give my characters two elements to use, and hopefully, some interesting character interactions. Keep in mind, I have told him how I want my backstory to work in the game, and up to that point, he thought it was going to work well in his game. 

Then, a couple days ago, he messaged me about having an idea for what to do next session. Now, I can't make it to next session due to other obligations. But that didn't stop him from telling me his plan.

His plan, in short, was to have a town with some racial tension be the next place we visit. He would make it so that the current leader dies, and we have a part in deciding who would be next. However, both people running are part of a group that wants to do a lot of bad. He wanted to end this session with my character, powers fully revealed pre-3rd level, as a REINCARNATED LIZARDFOLK HERO, WHO KILLS BOTH OF THE PEOPLE RUNNING FOR OFFICE.

Needless to say, I was kind of upset that he made such a drastic change to my backstory without my knowledge, and then have this happen while I'm not there. I try and give hints that I *really* don't want this massive change to happen. He continues to try and give reasons for why it would work, and how he wants to leave the session on a good cliffhanger.

At this point, I just decided to say what I was thinking: I didn't want such a sudden change to who my character was, out of nowhere, while I have 0 control.  He finally backed off, and said he would try to come up with something. He hasn't messaged me about it since, and now I just feel like a douche. So tell me reddit: Am I the Asshole?I'm working on a presentation with this guy in class. We tried to sort out a time to meet and realised that we wouldn't both be available at a time the library was open. He suggested that he go and get what we need from the reference books and then I came to his place and we worked on it together there.

He lives off campus. I get there, there's 4 chairs in the main room, plus this leather bench, I move towards one, but then he sits on the bench, and tells me to come sit next to him so we can both see the laptop. It was actually pretty comfortable, but it's only as I'm leaving that I see this wavy line across it. I ask where he got it and he tells me an adult toy store, and then proceeds to pull it apart to show me how it's actually 2 curved leather sex benches stacked on top of each other (so the curves line up).

I don't think he'd have ever done anything untoward, but just the idea of sitting on a bench he's had sex on is weird to me. I know that sounds ridiculous as, logically, at some point someone has probably had sex on every surface I've ever sat on (hell, I know firsthand that someone has had sex on the chair I'm sitting on), and I actually own something similar to what he has, but I feel like if I'm having someone over then I put it in the bedroom, or put something over it, or at least I don't suggest they sit on it. Of the 4 other chairs he had 3 of them were lightweight ones that he could have easily put closer together if the concern was us sharing a screen. Like I said, I don't think he would have done anything, but it's just weird that of the 5 seating options he had, he went for the one where the primary purpose of this item isn't sitting, it's having sex, and sitting is like a bonus.

So we did about 1/2 of the project at his place, and we still need to do the other half. He asked when I wanted to come over to finish it, and I suggested we meet in the library this time. He said his flat is "easier" and we can eat/drink at his place, which we can't do at the library (aside from bottled water), and read over the presentation out loud (no enforced silence in library but making noise is usually seen as a dick move). I suggested the cafe and he said he didn't want to read the presentation aloud in public as it would make him self conscious, and then asked if I had a problem going to his place. I said there was no problem, it's just easier for me to stay on campus.

I then get a message from him saying he knows the bench made me uncomfortable, calling me a prude, saying it's just furniture and he's not sure how owning a bench has resulted in me not liking him any more and I've made him feel bad by not wanting to come to his place again. I now feel bad for making him feel bad.

AITA for not wanting to go to his flat because of the bench?

Info: I'm a womanHer dress ripped down the middle and the only reason I noticed it cause she sat down and stood back up to grab her water bottle. I didn’t wanna seem like a weirdo that was checkin her out or embarrass her so I didn’t say nothing. She obviously doesn’t notice. She seems really nice but I don’t really talk to her at all unless she has a question or needs notes. But sexual charges nowadays happen all the time so I didn’t even wanna say anything for any reason. She’s been at school for a couple hours now so who knows how long it’s been like that.

AITA for pretty much thinkin purely of myself?

Edit: A lot of you are right, it was messed up to not say anything, I shoulda just helped her out and told her to save her any more embarrassment.I have a best friend named John. Our wive's were best friends before we met. Our kids have grown together. Basically we are really close.

We all have a playful relationship with each other. When we are around each other, we sometimes make playful jokes about each others wife's being sexy and stuff like that.

Until a few months ago, I saw john grab my wife's ass as she walked by. I also noticed some weird comments made between the two. Thinking it was a just a joke, I pretty much wrote it off at that point.

On valentines day, we had plan's to spend the day together. I wake up in the morning and my wife informs me that John had texted her that he had a dream about her. Half asleep, I don't think much of it, but as I smoke my cigarette and wake up a bit I have a weird feeling about it. Wife goes to take a shower and I get a bit curious. She leaves her apple watch on the counter, so I check the messages. John had texted my wife at about 5:30 am that he had a dream about her in some kind of dress of some sort. My wife responded with I thought you would have dreamed of me naked on a beach somewhere. I immediately confronted my wife about it. Asked her if she thought this was an appropriate conversation to be having with John. First she wanted to talk about it, when I refused she got offensive and turned it around on me because I was accusing her of cheating. We both apologized to each other the next day. I apologized for overreacting and she apologized for giving me any reason to think that something would be going on between her and John.

At this point, I had not talked to John about it at all. That's what I tend to do when I'm mad at someone. I just don't speak to people when I am not happy with them. After about a week, myself and my wife gets a text message from John's wife explaining that she thinks that this has been blown all out of proportion and John was not wrong. He had said nothing sexual towards my wife. She also said I should be ashamed of myself to ever think that John or my wife would do something like that to us. She also said that we are always joking with each other and that's all that it was.

So finally I responded, explaining my feelings that a joke between friends in front of each other is totally different than having a private conversation talking about such things. I explained that I thought that it was inappropriate. I also admitted that I had mishandled the situation. I should have talked to John about it instead of ignoring him.

I immediately get a response basically accusing me of not allowing John to talk to my wife, accusing me of ruining things between us and our kids. Basically putting all of the blame on me. I basically told them to fuck off and have a nice life after that.

To top it all off, my wife and I aren't on speaking terms.  When talking about what they said, she seems to be radio silent, like she doesn't know what to say to me. Maybe she agree's with them now.

So AITA in this situation?I live in Japan. As you know, Japan and South Korea are the 2 worst hit countries with the corona virus. Wedding is on end of April, so about 2 more months. They would not consider postponing it even though they've already registered with the city hall so technically they're married so i don't know what's the rush?

I need to rsvp by end of March. Btw, it's my wife's elder sister's wedding. She came to my wedding last November so i guess she must've secretly envied her younger sister getting married first therefore now she's trying to rush. I'm thinking of not going, but i would still give her money as tradition. AITA if i don't go? My father in law will probably kill me though.

**EDIT:** Apparently i didn't tell the story well enough cos everyone kept asking the same questions so here are some additional info.

* I live in Japan. My in laws are Japanese. Wedding is in Japan, same place where i live. Distance is not a problem at all.
* I am genuinely concerned about the virus, i don't know what's gonna happen after 2 months. If the wedding is tomorrow then yeah sure i'd go... but it's 2 months later.
* I don't like my SIL as a person. She's always stealing our thunder. We got married, then she immediately got married. We held our wedding then she wants to have her wedding too why so inconsiderate? Think about the guests.... Why not just postpone? But whatever. Btw, i have not met her husband. I asked to meet on weekends but he said he wants to play basketball during the weekend so no. Also, she gave me and her sister $200 for our wedding (The average rate for a friend's wedding is $300, this is her own sister but she gave $200 and she is a scientist for a pharmaceutical company). To rub salt into wounds, our neighbor gave us $500 and we barely talk. I don't want to go to her wedding but i plan to give her $1000.... to show her i am the bigger man. I am not rich, but i can afford $1000 as a sign of respect to her father. If you can't already tell, basically she rubbed me off the wrong way on a lot of things. They all add up, so i don't really like her. Oh, and how do i know she is rushing to get married? 'cos her then-boyfriend of 6 months didn't even propose to her. She proposed to him and he's like whatever. Just not a genuine and sincere person. She also secretly cheated on her previous bf.I work in a professional building (multi-leveled with multiple businesses).Most days I’m pretty business dressed (some days even suits and ties). Today I’m wearing a stones t-shirt, jeans, and boots (with t-shirts my tattoos stick out slightly below the sleeve cuffs). 

Anyways I head to use the restroom and as I am leaving a doctor from the insurance exam business next door is leaving a stall and walks out the door without washing his hands.

“Aren’t you going to wash your hands with all the virus stuff going on in the news?” I asked

He looked me up and down and replied, “Mind your own business!”

“Yeah, next time you’re in here reaching for it, I hope your Dick falls off!” 

TLDR: dirty mf didn’t wash hands. Told him I hope his dick falls off.

Edit: Thanks for the comments. I knew what was coming for me when I posted. Have at least enjoyed reading your thoughts about the situation.My sister (45F) is dying of cancer, after fighting it for several years. I (42F) am currently sitting by her hospice bed, where she’s been for the past three weeks. Our dad (75M)? He’s on holiday - left on Saturday for Ibiza with his gf.

He has never helped my sister in the years she’s been sick, or before that. My two siblings and I live in different cities, and have for the last 22 years, and he’s never once visited my sick sister or me, offered to help us move/ spend time with his only grandchildren, or even invited us to his 50th, 60th, 70th or 75th birthday dinners. A year and a half ago, he travelled by car past the city my sister lives in on his way home from spending a couple of weeks on holiday just south of her city- without visiting, while she was recuperating from chemotherapy. His step-son-in-law was driving the car, and my dad called as they drove past, excusing not stopping by saying his step-SIL was starting a new job over the weekend.   


My sister’s cancer diagnosis was always terminal, it was discovered too late, but she’s been such a fighter. She was so angry with the way our dad treated her, she doesn’t want him to visit her now. But our sibling lives in the same city as him, and they have anxiety and is physically disabled. It is especially hard on them, as my mom and step-dad are here, and have been for most of the past years caring for my sister, and so they are alone. Our dad didn’t even think to help my sibling at this time, he went on holiday with his step children and step grandchildren instead.

So, WIBTA if I low key refuse to talk to him, comfort him or acknowledge him if he makes it back in time for the funeral? I say low key, as in trying to do it without making it difficult for the rest of my family, who don’t deserve me making a scene of cutting him with open hostility? I blocked him on my phone after the last travel incident, and my family knows that.My girlfriend (23) and I (22) moved in together 8 months ago, her brother (21) had dropped out of college and was working in the same city as us but moved back with his dad when his lease was over, which is in a different town. He decided that he would keep his job and have his grandpa drive him since his grandpa works in the same city as us. Their grandpa is semi-retired, he works Monday-Thursday, so her brother can only work those days, but he has no bills to pay other than paying back his student loans. At some point he messaged my girlfriend and asked if he could stay with us for a week so he could work, she asked me and I was on board, thinking that this might happen every once in a while. Also, we have a spare bedroom but it's my office, with my PC. At the time I was doing my internship so I didn't have much work to do at home. As time went by, the visits got more frequent, and I started school again, so I needed the office.

When he started asking to come and stay with us during school I was like whatever it's going to be this once and it will be over, but then he asked again, and during my midterms, keep in mind these are not short two day visits. I started to get more and more frustrated because this is my last semester in school and I just needed my space, I would go and spend upwards of 14 hours at school because I did not get my space or privacy at home. He sleeps until 2pm, is very loud and aggressive, and is not observant about how we go about our day to day lives. I had a chat with my girlfriend about this and suggested he maybe find a place here if he really likes his job, find another job where he lives, or get his drivers license. She had a talk with him, and he would just shake his head. She then went on and started to look for places for him everyday, and sends him whatever she finds appropriate, she also suggested that if any of the places she sends appeal to him that he should jump on them because they go quick, and he just brushes it off.

Today, we get a message that he has to stay with us again, this is the third time in one month, keep in mind he does not pitch in on groceries or anything while he is here. I tried to have a conversation with my girlfriend but she got frustrated and started questioning our future living together because she thinks I am not welcoming.

When he first asked to come and stay with us my girlfriend had complimented me on being so nice and patient with the whole situation, since I would hangout with him all the time because she would be at work. But now all of a sudden because I am starting to feel like this is taking a toll on me, I am the asshole. Our apartment is tiny. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong here, and if not how to approach her without seeming like I don't want to help.Uh, hi! First post on this site (heard about it on George Takei’s Instagram), but this is really making me wonder and I would like some outside opinions. 


So, I recently had my 22d birthday, and I got a few gifts and cards, mostly from family members. I am someone who is usually a stickler about sending thank you notes, it’s how I was raised and I have done it for every gift I have gotten. 


For the past several years many relatives have not sent my family (or me, if I was the sole giver) any acknowledgment or thank-you of any sort for any gifts given at any event/holiday during the year, and that includes two of the people who sent me a gift this year. I know nobody is entitled to a thank-you, even when the gifts have been large or time-consuming handmade items, but it does leave one feeling rather unappreciated. 


It’s not that they don’t write them at all, they will send them to “important” members of the family (my grandparents/their parents, and geographically close relatives that live 5-10 minutes away... we live about an hour away). And they were kind enough to think of me on my birthday, which I am very grateful for, so I realize that that fact alone makes me kind of an AH for not wanting to send a thank-you note. The thing that gets me frustrated is that they say how much they enjoy and appreciate getting thank-you notes from my family/me, and I know they would be upset if they weren’t thanked/acknowledged in some way, but they have not reciprocated when given a gift from us in several years. I’m just getting sick of the double standard. 


WIBTA if I did not send thank-you notes to the two relatives who gave me a gift, but never send our family thank-you notes? I know I might be TA here, and am happy to accept all y’all’s verdict, I just would like some outside opinions. (Also, I’ll probably end up sending them a thank-you, regardless so as not to cause family drama)I’m godmother to my cousin’s child; godson just had his 8th birthday. Prior to his birthday I spoke to my cousin, his mother, to find out what she and his father were getting him for his birthday so we didn’t each get him the same thing. She showed me the LEGO set they were ordering for him and I saw that it cost about $90. I didn’t want to show them up, so I got him an RC car that cost me around $50. I thought this was the polite thing to do.

My cousin, however, is upset that I got my godson a “cheap” gift. I’m a lot more well-off than they are financially so yes, I could’ve gotten him something very fancy and expensive, but I thought that was rude and showing off that I have more money than Mom and Dad. My cousin apparently thought that I would know to get him something of at least the same value as the LEGO set, not less.

My godson loved both gifts and was very grateful, FWIW. But am I the asshole for spending less than his parents?I was recently awarded a MAJOR scholarship. Like, life-changing, actually gonna let me go into college without a significant amount of debt. Part of this scholarship has an award banquet a few months from now that I'm allowed to bring three guests with. 

I have no idea who is gonna be coming with me. I've even considered the idea of bringing no one and just going alone. My family is definitely an option, but for many reasons I don't wish to bring them along, My family has told me in every step of my high school life that my decisions were wrong. You can't go out for soccer cause you don't have a good enough physique, band is too expensive so you need to quit, robotics takes too much time out of your life and we need you at home. Telling family "thanks for the input but I'm doing these things regardless" proved to be one of the best decisions of my life, and participating in all these things was the main reason I was able to get this scholarship.

Most importantly, my mother is telling me "you're bringing A person, B person, and me along".  While A person I have nothing wrong with and she never told me I was wrong in my choices, she was never necessarily there for me either. B person was one of the major people telling me I should quit, and my mom is a whole other story of abusive behavior and manipulation into doing what SHE wanted to do, not what I wanted, along with only showing up to events in my school where parents got recognition. 

I'm too busy to sit down and pick right away, but I vaguely have in mind a few other people, none of them being family members, and one of these people is my boyfriend's mother, who has been a major supporter in my high school life. She is there to reach out for me when I need support, lots of hugs, lots of putting up with my unique situation. At the same time, she scolds me as if I'm her child for all the dumb things I do, as well as offering guidance in the process of becoming an adult. She has provided endless rides for me which allowed me to keep participating, and gone so far out of her way to help me when she never had to. None of these things my family ever did for me. I haven't asked my boyfriend's input on this situation yet as to how he think she would react to me asking her, but I plan on doing so as soon as I figure out whether or not I want her there most.

My mom already doesn't like boyfriend's mom namely because I think so fondly of her, and I worry how my mom will react in specific. I'm going to pick my guests based on who is the most important, not based on who I'm the most upset with, but if it comes down to it and my family isn't on the list, then what? Do I rework my choices for them so I don't disappoint or how do I tell them that I'm picking the family of my friends over them for this event, when they already hold so much resentment that I'm more attached to them than my birth family?Pretty self explanatory for like the basics, but also there are smaller details.

&#x200B;

First off, I (22) have stopped going to college (Art major), I have my personal reasons, mainly tying in to mental health, for this and I plan on going back. I have PTSD and really bad depression that can lead to some dark things and college holds a big trigger for me and just in general large amounts of stress. So I've been taking time off for myself and am doing much better! Like so much better and okay for the first time in years. I think my family expected me to get okay and then rush back off but I'm taking more time to make sure I'm genuinely stable. I'd also like to take time so I can focus on repairing relationships and build a really good foundation for myself but to my family thats crazy. They're not the best when it comes to the idea of taking care of yourself. Its very much a "suck it up" and "walk it off" culture for them. The relationship between my family has always been pretty strained.

&#x200B;

My big problem is with my grandma. Shes kind of batshit insane but ya know with my family thats whatever. Shes very obsessive and controlling and wants everything to be perfect, I think she has OCD just because of her tendencies and the fact that her son (my step-dad) has it. But she would never get diagnosed for it, let alone help for it, because no one in my family really believes in that stuff. She absolutely adores my brothers and then it comes to me and she just tears me a new one over things that I "should" be doing. Its always been ridiculous like I got a 90 on an essay instead of a 100, or my brother did something and I should've done something to where they shouldn't have been able to do that, to even that I'm not doing enough.We had a recent phone call about some degree plans she sent me (vet tech and nursing) and it ended up being a nasty spit that I know shes still mad about and I'm still hurt over.

&#x200B;

I am a lesbian, and that has been a problem for a while. My mom and step-dad are coming to terms with it and I guess my grandma has been "fine" with it but there is the typical talk about everyone elses relationship but mine type of thing going on. Which I don't love but its okay. However, I have to absolutely never mention it around my grandma's side of the family because she knows they would stop coming around. Which has happened to me with quite a few family members on my mom's side but she never told me to hide it. My grandma seems really ashamed of it so if her side (we call them the Arkansas Family) comes around I don't show up. And they are coming for this birthday party so....

&#x200B;

Tdlr; My grandma belittles me often, the homophobic side of the family that I have to go back in the closet is coming over and I just don't want to be around it but I feel bad bc the dude could die at any moment hes so old. Would I be an asshole to not go or to just run in say happy birthday and run out?My boyfriend made a post previously but left out some details that I think is important to the issue. 
&nbsp;   

I’m currently 19 weeks pregnant and temporarily staying at a relative’s place because I have really horrible anxiety around people and my boyfriend has 3 other housemates. Sounds pathetic but I wouldn’t even go to the bathroom when his housemates are out in the common areas. I’m over at his place most days of the week and leave with him when he goes to work. However, it is understood that I’d have to move in with him at some point.
&nbsp;  

On Monday, he called to tell me that I was going to have to get used to someone new living at his place because he was letting his friend move in with him. His friend has schizophrenia and sent him some worrying messages so he flew him over to Sydney. He mentioned that his friend would be sleeping in his room when I’m not there and in the living room when I go over. This means that we’d be spending most of our time together with him as well (yes, it’s selfish of me for not liking the idea) since we usually spend ALL of our time in the room. I didn’t react badly but I was noticeably unhappy about the situation as I went quiet for a bit. He told me I was in no position to be unhappy and to “sort it out”. Later on, I explained that I understood why he had to help but I wasn’t happy with how he approached the issue with me when we could have discussed about it calmly. He told me not to go over anymore if I didn’t like it. 
&nbsp;  

He made it sound like I threw a fit over the whole thing when I’ve only been civil throughout. He asked me what my issue was and I explained. My concerns about the situation are the length of the arrangement and the fact that he hasn’t seen this friend in 15 years or barely talked to him.
&nbsp;  

So he called me selfish and cold for being unhappy about the situation and the discussion never progressed any further until today. I admit that I do lack empathy at times and I honestly don’t know why. 
&nbsp;  

My view is that I understood why he did what he did but it doesn’t mean I have to be happy about the situation. I had no intention of telling him to kick his friend out either. AITA?I have 3 daughters, E (11), L (9, 10 in 3 months), and V (5). For E’s birthday, we decided to take her and a couple of friends out into the city and take them to the zoo/hang out in the park. My wife would take V to one of the children’s museums nearby so that she wouldn’t annoy the older girls. 
Since E and L are so close in age, they have some mutual friends so E allowed L to come with her. I guess at school leading up to the weekend L mentioned that she was going to a party and one of her classmates, O, asked if she could come. L asked E, I guess E said yeah. The only problem is that they forgot to tell me. 
So come party day, I’m rounding everyone up, we’re basically out the door to head to the train station when O and her mom show up. Me and my wife are apologetic, but we refuse to take O along with us even as the mom is walking away. We manage to convince her to take her kid back, and we leave. It was a great day. 
When we got back home, we saw that O’s mom had texted in the parents group chat for L’s class telling them what had happened. Everyone seemed shocked and said that we were in the wrong, but we don’t think that we did anything wrong. Aita?

Quick Edit: There were 3 other girls besides my daughters going to the zoo, we had worked it out with their parents in advance where we would pay half of their train and zoo tickets and full price for dinner. It was just my wife and V going to the museum, and it was L who told O about the party.I work at a creative agency - part of a larger multinational group, but our office only has about 25 people in it and we are divided into 3 seperate teams. It's pretty laid back office and with a very casual vibe because it's a lot of young-ish people and we're all about keeping things informal for the most part.

Like its totally normal for us to say things like 'fuck this' or 'shit that' or even 'cunt', even when you're with clients because everyone in the industry understands i guess that this is how people speak, and it's fine to be candid with each other. And i've never had any issues with it.

However, recently we got a guy seconded from Chicago to come work in our office. He was very cool initially, had a confidence and a charisma that's different to what we normally get in our city so people liked him. However he would just throw the n-word around like whenever. As an exclamation, as a title...literally whenever.  And at me. And I am not Black. \[EDIT #1, I'm not White\]

&#x200B;

I guess most people didn't say anything because he was Black and the only Black guy in the office (it's very multicultural, but he was the only Black person). But he would say it to me whenever like "n\*\*ga, what's up these reports?" or "dayum, Ni\*\*a you looking fresh", or things like "Nig\*\*, are you for real with this?".  Anyway, I really didn't like it and I could tell he enjoyed the fact that I'd wince or get thrown off everytime he said to me.

On Monday, i had enough. We had a disagreement on a brief and he didn't like the proposed draft I sent to the client and he said "what the fuck was it you was thinking, my Ni\*\*gga??"

Now bare in mind, I was already stressed about the brief and if you're going to question me, at least do it in a way that isn't so callous.

So after he said that, i lost it and I was like "Stop calling me that, MY N\*\*GA".

We then had a pretty heated argument in the meeting room which went a bit like

"bruh, you can't say that to me""Well i was quoting you bro and  you need to stop saying that shit around the office"

"what the fuck do you care how i speak?"

"because you're talking to me this way"

etc. etc.

Basically, we had to be separated, and I put a formal HR complaint against him. He's been temporarily suspended for the week while they look into the incident and the conduct leading to the disagreement, but basically my co-workers are mad at me because they think i instigated it and then over reacted. I think I was in the right because frankly him throwing that word around was just weird and inappropriate. So AITA?This happened several years ago, but my mother and grandmother still bring this up.

I live alone with my mother, (no father), and my grandmother takes the role of the “other parent” most of the time, but she doesn’t live here. Everyday when my mother comes home, (around 6-10 pm) she’ll come upstairs to where my room is and come in and say hi immediately. If I’m in the shower or something, she’ll come up and go “Oh! I love you! Haha!” and go into her room.

One day though, it was different. The day beforehand I had seen a lump in her bed that looked exactly like somebody was sleeping in it, and when I asked, nobody else was supposed to be in the house. This was... me being paranoid, obviously, but it’s what caused me to freak out so bad. The next day, I was in the middle of taking a shower when I heard the front door open. I assumed it was my mom, but.... I didn’t hear her come up, nor did I hear her say anything. I remember that I had left the door unlocked, and then I texted my mother to ask if she just came in, and called for her out loud.

She didn’t answer. Well, now I’m freaked out, thinking somebody has stepped into my house, and I’m naked and afraid in the bathroom. So I texted my grandmother that I thought someone was in the house and that I was hiding in the bathroom, and then sat there in fear for a while.

My grandmother did eventually come, and, it was actually my mother who had come in. (She texted me this.) They asked me to come downstairs to talk, but it took me around 30 minutes to gain my composure to. My mother acted very passive aggressive and hurt towards me, and my grandmother said “You need to apologize.” So I did. My mom seemed mad at me still and went outside to smoke, and I went and cried in my room.

I don’t think this was really fair, though? In my mind, I would have really appreciated it if she had reassured me it was her once my grandma talked to her, and helped ease my nerves. But maybe I was being an asshole for being so paranoid?

AITA for thinking my mom was an intruder and calling my grandmother to come over?

EDIT: Since somebody mentioned it.... My mother and grandmother tend to bring this up as a, “christ you need to lighten up a little, paranoid” story whenever I talk about moving out and putting up a camera by my door for security. My mom also tends to bring it up when I ask her to quit leaving the door unlocked at night.Title maybe sounds a bit bitchy but anyway. 

EDIT: Just to clarify guys, I don't want to publicly shame her and I don't think she's being deliberately awful at all! Other than this she's actually really sweet, it's just become more constant lately and that's led to me feeling more and more frustrated. 

I (22F) really struggle with disordered eating, and I've been going through a particularly bad restrictive phase the last few months. Not looking for any particular help w that, that's a whole other thing to work through. 

Basically what you need to know is as a result I eat a really low cal diet and obsess about calories, so my meals are work consist almost exclusively of either salad or fruit and yogurt. The girl I sit next to has decided for herself that I'm like super healthy and won't stop mentioning it. 

Every time I decline a snack or show up at my desk with my salad she comments on how 'good' I am, as in: 'Oh aren't you being good today?' and other things to that extent. I almost snapped today bc I declined some brownies she'd brought - I was already in the middle of an anxiety attack bc I had to buy the wrong kind of yogurt for lunch - and she said 'aren't you well behaved, are you on the diet game too?' really loudly.

So my question is WIBTA if I told her about my eating disorder to make her stop? Is there a way I can tell her without it looking like I'm trying to make her feel bad? Or should I just keep my mouth shut and deal?Sorry for poor formatting, I’m on mobile. 

I (F25) currently live with my boyfriend (M28) and his parents while we find somewhere for us and our dogs to live. 
Per our unspoken agreement, he pays rent/utilities, I take care of our food, we share our dates/trips. 

I used to keep very few groceries in the house and we would mainly order takeout for dinner as I get off work late and never want to cook. Recently I realized I really do enjoy cooking and we should start saving, so i started to stock up on staples and spend more time cooking at home, meaning I’m making breakfast and lunch there and most of the time dinner. She always comes into the kitchen to make comments when I’m cooking, usually a really heavily toned, “oh, you’re cooking again?” With a little bit of a nasty emphasis on again. I try to not let this bother me and brush it off but lately I’ve noticed the groceries I buy dwindling rapidly. 
Sometimes she doesn’t even wait until a couple days have passed after I go grocery shopping to eat everything. 

I had noticed when I first moved in that if I left things in the kitchen for more than a couple of days they would be partially eaten or all gone by the time I got around to wanting them. I figured that’s just what happens with families living together but it’s just gotten above and beyond now. I’m not a stingy person and I don’t mind sharing but she has to have some sort of binge eating disorder as she will finish entire boxes and bags of things the same day I get them. I buy ice cream bars, I get maybe 1 and the rest get eaten, she doesn’t even leave the last one. My family came to visit from a different country and brought me a big block of my Favourite cheese, this would normally last me at least 2 weeks, it was all gone by the time I went to have some, it cannot be replaced in this country. She finishes whole family sized bags of chips before I get to open them. She ate through 3 bags of peppermint bark, that were a Christmas gift, before I got one piece. I really don’t want to look like a bad person but I cannot keep feeding her at this level. Boyfriend told me to start hiding stuff in our room if I really wanted it/thought she would eat it, he said she’s been like this his entire life. I don’t want to keep things in our room as I’m scared of bugs and his dog gets into and eats everything. 

My mum suggested buying a lock box for the kitchen but I think that comes off as quite rude. 

His mum and I got into an argument over something else over the weekend and she said it isn’t her fault that everything I buy gets eaten, I told her to grow up and leave me alone...
AITA?**My side of the story:**

This is an argument I continue to have with my gf. I have been with my gf for about 7 years now. She gets upset that I don’t mention our relationship to certain friends. The friends I omit the relationship are religious. I DO mention her to other nonreligious friends and mostly everyone else we meet.

Context: I grew up in a Muslim culture and for a long time became estranged with many of my friends after turning atheist. I am slowly getting reacquainted with some of them and haven’t told all of them that I am atheist because I guess I haven’t assessed where we stand, how much they care etc. Since in Islamic culture having a girlfriend is considered ‘haram’ I don’t tell them about her or the relationship because of a few pragmatic/non-pragmatic reasons: fear they would stop being my friend, the word would get around, to protect my family’s ‘reputation’ in the community (my dad goes there and it is his only social outlet), friends parents telling them to cease hanging out with me etc. For these reasons I figured it’s just more convenient to omit the whole relationship. I have noticed other Muslim friends that have gf’s in the community do the same. 

My gf seems to think I should just be upfront with all of them about *everything* in my life (atheism, relationship, etc). I told her it’s not that simple and some friends (I consider them more acquaintances than anything) I don’t want knowing so much about my life. I prefer to keep some people at arm’s length and don’t hang out often with them. She refuses to budge an inch on this matter and I feel she’s being unreasonable.

So AITA here or what?

Edit: Yes, I would tell them all if I was married as marriage is more culturally acceptable.

Edit: I have explained to her the cultural aspect, but she gets angry every time I do so, calls me a coward, dishonest etc. She mentions I am atheist so it shouldn’t matter, I tell her it still does because of lingering ties.

Edit: I told my gf before how she has lost all ties with her family/culture for mentioning me and that isn’t an option for me atm. 

**Edit GF’s side of the story for perspective:**

>”Guys, I'm the gf and here's my side of the story. We've actually been together for almost EIGHT years and my boyfriend will literally omit me from EVERYTHING when speaking to his acquaintances.

>For example, he has this one friend who he hangs out with a few times a year and the other day, I drove him to his brother's house so he could hang out while I went out to hang out and do some stuff myself. 7+ hours later, I texted him to ask him when he would be done hanging out so we could head home since it was 9pm and our home is an hour away. He responded and said he didn't know how to tell his friend he had to go, so I then waited for another TWO hours until finally he said his friend was leaving (all of this because he apparently just couldn't tell his friend that I was WAITING FOR HIM OUTSIDE) and then turns out his friend was in the same parking lot as me and he hadn't left yet so my boyfriend was upset that he may have potentially seen him getting into the car with me. AND THIS FRIEND ALREADY KNOWS I EXIST and that my bf has a girlfriend, my bf is the one who wants to sweep my existence under the rug every chance he gets.

>We went traveling together last year for 5 months and every time someone calls him, I'm completely omitted and he acts like he went on a solo trip for months. And the whole reputation thing he mentioned in the post is complete bs, everyone obviously already knows he has a gf, it's no secret, it's only my BF that pretends that's the case and refuses to introduce me to friends and instead makes a concerted effort to remove my existence from all the major events of his life. It's so demeaning listening to him alter the entire story of his life to dis-include me from it.

>Also just for reference, I have always mentioned my bf and stood up for him no matter what to the point where I no longer have ANY relationship with my family at ALL. He's muslim and my parents are from India so I understand the culture pretty well. It just feels horrible (I don't even know how to describe how this makes me feel honestly) to know that I ALWAYS come after the feelings of others whom he's not even close to. /rant”So, a few months ago, my (24M) housemate's (47F), I'll call her Alice, boyfriend, let's call him Cal, temporarily broke up with her and moved out. We had shared an apartment for 3 or 4 years at that point, and during that time Cal had many major blowups, shouted obscenities and death threats over minor events, such as the time he broke a cabinet door because one of our other housemates washed his coffee stirring spoon without permission. Cal has also been known to make disturbing sexual comments about Alice to her daughters (who are both grown now, but apparently were not adults when he started this behavior). 
 Because of these things I feel uncomfortable with having him in the apartment now that he and Alice  are a couple again. The problem with this is that a few weeks ago I was babysitting Alice's  granddaughter, and would be alone at the apartment while doing so. Cal demanded to stop by and see her, but only contacted Alice about it. Because she had arranged the meeting, I asked her to call the meeting off, admittedly because I want no contact with him. 
  In response, Alice told me that I was being childish and selfish, and had no right to keep him from her grandchild, but I don't feel that an unpaid babysitter should be responsible for visitations.
   In the end, the child's mother agreed with me that it is not right to demand visitation without her being home and told him that he couldn't see her because I'm uncomfortable with the situation. To be honest, Alice's words cut deep though, and I'm wondering if I truly am a terrible person for not putting my comfort aside to let him see the child. So, AITA?So my seven-month-old son and I are staying with my husband’s grandma For a month because of an unavoidable situation. In this time, she has found land, bought the land, started packing up her things, and has scheduled for movers cleaners and a showing of her house. 
   
My seven-month-old son and I have been staying here, and listening to her and giving her opinions on what she should do when she asks. I’m not very close with her so I couldn’t possibly go through her things and decide what she wants to keep or not.. anyways, she’s under a lot of stress. She’s just now getting down to the nitty-gritty and I asked her last night if there’s anything I can do to help her. She said that I could pack away DVDs in a box, which I’m doing today. Then, later on in the night her daughter said something about me helping her, and she replied with “She should’ve been helping me this whole time”. It kind of stung, because I didn’t come here by choice and I didn’t even know she was moving out this soon. 


AITA for not helping her out more?

 (Also she’s barely elderly. She has a whole farm that she tends to and she builds her own chicken coops and what not.Last night my roommates girlfriend flew in from the Dominican Republic (I’m on the west coast). She rang the doorbell and it was about 2am and my mom had opened the door. My roommate (25M) was not here and has not been sleeping here for the past month (Hence her suspicions and unexpected arrival). He comes and goes like once a week. Anyway she  comes in and we’re like he’s not here and we don’t know where he is. She stays in his room and waits for him, he gets here about an hour later ( my mom called him and told him about his unexpected guest). 

Anyway I then study/ do hw for a bit and go to bed. I have an evening class ( I normally work during this time but I wasn’t scheduled) so Im excited I can actually sleep in( my phone is on silent bc and I didn’t need an alarm bc today’s my day to sleep as long as I want). I wake up at about 12pm, with 50+ missed calls and texts from my mom. She’s telling me that “roommates girlfriend” missed her flight back and she’s locked outside. I go out into the kitchen and my mom is there pissed that she had to come home during her break and let her in because I was sleeping. The girlfriend made a comment along the lines of “good morning sleepy head or finally sleeping beauty is up” She is a nice girl and we get along but I think it was a genuine mistake and I had no idea. I just want to say that I feel bad she had to be outside and I know I would hate to be in that situation. 

AITA for basically leaving my roommates girlfriend locked outside.BACKROUND

So i live in a house of three children. Me (14M), my older sister (20F) and another sister who is 25 but is not important to the story. Before i start i need to tell you that my sister sometimes has her phone on during breakfast while i mostly never have it.

So this happened yesterday while my sister was at her boyfriends house. My mom,dad and me all sat down to eat and i pulled out my phone to text a friend to ask him when should i come over when my dad out of nowhere yells out:

Dad- PUT YOUR GODDAMN PHONE DOWN FOR GOD'S SAKE

Me-w-what i just pulled it out to text a friend and my si-

I get cut off

Dad-i don't care what you have to say just put down the fucking phone.

I put my phone down and try to ask him

Me-if i can't have my phone on then why can my sister ha-

I get cut off again

Dad- she is something else. You can have it on during breakfast when you finish school completely

Me:but she is still in college

At that point my mom tells me to finish breakfast and leave the room which i do mad as all hell and i didn't leave my room before 3 pm.
So Reddit tell me. AmITheAsshole for having my phone on during beakfast?TLDR: Ex used credits for an airline that she said she'd pay me back for, didn't do so when she used the flight.

I dated a girl, let's call her Katie. We met at church after having both recently moved to a different state but are originally from the same city. Very serendipitous. 

We dated for several months. She is more extroverted than I am, and had friends from college around the country she visited every year. She's moving back to our hometown to go to grad school, and I'll be moving back to work remote for my company \~4 months after

We ended up breaking up for reasons I am still unsure of. A few months before,  purchased flights for us to go to a friends wedding in our hometown. She said she was excited to go and meet my friends.

Turns out she breaks up with me a couple weeks later. No big deal, these things happen. When we broke up she said she was sorry about the charge for the flights but was moving and paying for grad school and said she couldn't pay back. I understood and told her no big deal and I would eat the cost.

I called the airline about a refund (Southwest), and they said that since I had purchased a Get Away ticket I could only get refunded on credit for another flight, and that the credit would go to the person taking the flight, not the purchaser.

I informed my ex and told her to just pay me back when she used the flight. She agreed.

A few months later, I see her post a picture of her in New York with her friends. I'm curious so I call the airline to see if the credit had been used. They inform me that it was used on a flight from the city we were in to New York that weekend.

I message her and ask if she used the flight, she responded, " I actually completely forgot about this but I’ll let you know if I use it!"

AITA for commenting on her post, "Looks like a fun time, pay me back when you get the chance!" or should I have messaged her letting her know I knew she used it privately?TL;DR: guy at work ignores fridge policy, and managers say I’m supposed to throw out his food even though it’s not unhygienic/mouldy.

So I (21m) work in a large international big-box retailer, specifically in the internal food department. The organisations supports workers eating cheap and health at work, and facilitates this with a ‘coworker restaurant’, where people can eat for cheap. I regularly work in the coworker restaurant.

I have a coworker (mid 40’s M) who works in a different department and puts his lunch (brought from home) in the communal fridge. His son died last year, and though his antisocial behaviour existed beforehand, nobody has called him out in ages.

All food in the communal fridge is to be labeled with a “day dot”, identifying when it was put in there. One of my responsibilities is discarding any unlabelled or expired food (hourly) as I find it. My managers regularly reprimand people for not doing so, even if the unlabelled food is from that day. I’ve informed this coworker on 2 occasions, both occasions he was standoffish and rude, saying “well why don’t you mark it, what’re you getting paid to do in here?” Which is fair, however everyone else takes care of their food, and my list of responsibilities is long.

He continues to refuse to day dot his lunch, and while I don’t want him to go without lunch, I also don’t wanna get reprimanded when the managers check. WIBTA if I start throwing his food out?

EDIT: It is not one of my responsibilities to label people's food, signage on the fridge outlines it falls to each person to take care of their own food.I, [F32] am dating a great guy, Alex, [M33], and have been for the past year. Things have been going great up until a few weeks ago, and I’d like some outsider opinions on this, lest I mess up a good thing when I’m the one in the wrong.

Alex and I recently attended a birthday party for a mutual friend, Ellen, where we ran into an ex-best friend of mine, Lila.

Now, I realize how petty and elementary school ‘ex-best friend’ sounds, but that’s literally the situation at hand. Lila and I met through Ellen about maybe two or three years ago, and were as close as could be. However, I then discovered she’d been trying to seduce my boyfriend at the time, (we’ve since broken up) among other things. (Taking my stuff, lying, and spreading rumors about me through our friend group.) Since then, I’ve distanced myself from Lila and said friend group. 

Anyway, so I ran into her at the party, and tried to ignore her, giving Alex a condensed version of the story. Maybe thirty, forty minutes later I left to use the restroom, and came back to see them talking. Obviously, I was irritated, but let them finish their conversation to avoid seeming petty, or like a helicopter girlfriend.

When they were done and she’d walked away, I pulled Alex aside and asked him what was going on. He said that Lila seemed really nice, and that she must’ve changed or been going through a rough patch when I was friends with her. He told me that she invited him to a party she was throwing, and that he thinks we should go. My reaction was all shades of WTF, and while I let it rest at the party, we argued about it upon coming home.

He says we should go, I vehemently disagree. Any opinions would be majorly helpful. Thanks!My husband will be moving to another state to go to school. His grandmother raised him and she is a packrat borderline hoarder. Being raised by someone like that he too has those behaviors. He saves EVERYTHING.

I have told him I’m going to rent out a dumpster and throw away anything he doesn’t deem important. If it’s that important he can take it with him when he moves or move it to a certain spot in the house that way I know not to toss it. 

Our house is a raging dumpster fire with random stuff. I can’t stand it anymore. We have a little one who will be crawling soon and I don’t was her to be getting into anything that could hurt her. 

AITA for telling my husband I’m going to be “cleaning house” with all the crap in it? 

Note: anything sentimental or of value within reason I’m cool with. Like he can have his own things but this is ridiculous. Empty cardboard boxes, 12 pack boxes, old mail (mostly junk), old clothes that haven’t fit in a decade, some of his ex’s things as well as her kids things. I’ve lived with all of this for the last three years and I’m at my wits end.I’m a freshman currently living in on campus apartment style housing. 4 bed 2 bath and 4 people. One of my roommates (I’ll call O) I moved with from a bad previous dorm situation. One of the girls is seldom around, so it’s usually just three of us.

The girl (I’ll call W) who I’m sharing a bathroom with is awful. I have pictures of all the messes she leaves. 

Messes like:

Leaves all of her unrinsed dirty dishes in the sink to the point no one else can do their dishes. It smells.

W has a large red trash (only SHE uses it) can she keeps in the living area that, most recently, she filled that up entirely, filled up another full sized trash bag next to it, then filled up 4-5 grocery bags with trash and left it out for weeks. It smelled so bad and now we have flies. O finally got tired of it and took it out.

W is very loud, at all hours. Loud sex, TV at full volume on her laptop, Her and her boyfriend always talking and laughing really loudly too late. Cooking at 2-3 am?

Her boyfriend basically lives with us. He maybe goes 2 days max not at our apartment. It makes me so uncomfortable because he uses our shower every day. I have no problem with her bf coming over, hell, mine does. However, my boyfriend comes down 2 weekends a month max. Her boyfriend has his own place off campus that they could go to. I didn’t sign a contract to live with a guy.

The three of us have already brought this to W’s attention. We made a chore schedule on the fridge to track when people did stuff and what we needed to do (trash, vacuum, dishes, etc.). And for the entire semester, she didn’t do ONE THING, and she was the one the making messes. Yes, she had agreed to the chore list.

Two weeks ago, W drained her fish tank into our shower, and left the small gravel pieces at the bottom and clogged it???

She’s broken just about every rule we signed in our University roommate contract.

these include:
1) thermostat turned way above what we agreed upon
2)loud way past quiet hours
3)uses our stuff without asking
4) has guests over for more than 3 consecutive days

Neither O nor I are confrontational, and feel guilty every time we want to have a serious sit down with her. We mention it all the time, so It’s not like we haven’t tried. Every time we’ve asked for a group meeting, she ignores us, or gives us excuses.

Two nights ago, O put her clothes in the washer, went to her room to get detergent, and then W took her dry clothes from the washer, and asked O “hey can I move these?” And got seriously offended when O said she was using the washer and to put her clothes down. 

Unfortunately, this isn’t so straightforward. I really want to go to an RA, but with all the rules she’s breaking, the breach of the roommate agreement, plus having unlabeled alcohol (she’s 21 were 18) in the apartment, W could face some serious consequences. 

So, WIBTA if I give my roommate an ultimatum to stop her disgusting behavior or we will report her to an RA and get the Univ. involved?I have an autistic friend who lives in a really intolerant area, so people think he's scum for existing. His brothers don't know it, but they're hateful against him, too. He just texted me tonight, "I honestly can't form human bonds. I dislike most people too much. Most I can do is be a good friend. Yet I was best friends with my cat after 5 seconds. I just want to live off the grid with him."

I told him that isn't normal, and that he should talk to a psychiatrist. He said it's perfectly normal, and I told him that he might be antisocial if he can't form human bonds. He said, "If I open up to you, it isn't an invitation to psychoanalyze me." The conversation moved on from that, but I'm wondering if I'm TA. I really think it's a red flag if he can't bond with people romantically. He's said weird stuff before like how he dislikes most men even though he's a guy.Would I be the asshole for not inviting my grandma to my baby shower? (This is her first great grand baby) 
I do not want to invite my grandmother on my fathers side and here are some reasons why.
 We have never been close, whenever I’m around her she makes sure to get me alone and then asks me completely inappropriate questions(are you and __ having sex? Do you use protection, etc) she once showed up to my house and stood outside knocking on the door for over half an hour..that was after I told her I was busy and did not want to hang out with her. The list could go on. I have had her blocked on Facebook for about a year now because I do not want her knowing any of my business. I have talked to her in person about why I do not want to continue our relationship and how uncomfortable she makes me. She broke down saying she apologizes, will change, blah blah blah. I still stood my ground since she has never changed and I just do not enjoy being around her. Now fast forward, my dad is absolutely furious that I won’t invite her to my baby shower. I told him that it is my day and it would be ruined if she was there. He called me selfish, telling me that even though she has done all the things I’ve listed, that she is family so I need to still do the right thing and invite her. He doesn’t understand my side at all. I also just found out she’s been using my deceased grandfathers Facebook to spy on my page since I don’t have him blocked.In the past 2 years I’ve struggled with disordered eating (think eating around 1000kcal a day, purging food etc,) and I’ve been trying to recover since I came to college. My girlfriend (who knows about this) has just started a diet, which is fine by me. However, she talks about calories in food and how she avoids certain things bc they’re “high calorie”. I thought this wasn’t having an impact on me but I’ve realised I’ve started restricting again and counting my calories and I think it’s because of her talking about her diet. WIBTA if I asked her not to discuss specifics of her diet with me as I find it bad for my mental health? She’s a lovely girl and I know she wouldn’t do this on purpose but I’m trying hard to recover and I don’t want this to cause a downward spiral. Thanks for reading!!I've been living with my housemates for about the past 4 years.  
About 16 months ago, we moved into a new 3 bedroom apartment, with 2 allocated car spots and a storage cage.  
I don't have a problem with that, because I don't own a car and my 2 housemates do.  
When we moved in, we agreed to split the rent based on each room, mine being the cheapest due to it being the smallest, the next housemate is with the largest room and a balcony, and the highest is paid by the housemate with an en-suite.  
The difference in rent between myself and the highest rent is about $30 or $40 per week.  
However after a while, I felt that the rent was disproportionate, due to the fact that they also have access to a car space, which I don't use or need.  
Based on the average going rate, people who have an extra space usually rent it out for about $40/wk.  
When I told them that, they looked at me like I was crazy, and was demanding too much.  
They told me that if I get a car and find a space to rent, they're prepared to split the cost.  
However I feel like they should be paying for their own space, and if in the future I need a spot, I'll pay for it myself, even if it costs more than the average 40.  
Am I The Asshole for wanting to pay $26.66 ( (40/3)x2 ) less rent per week?So I live with 4  other people. Parking situation is occasionally problematic. This is made more so by the fact that my broken down car is sitting in one of the parking spaces. I'm driving a car my dad loaned me for the time being.

The problem is my roommate (and her ex) feel that she(the ex) is entitled to a spot in the driveway instead of on the street about once a week. This means that after a long ass day, I get home at 9PM and have to hunt for parking because there's  no room in the driveway and street parking is scarce(but there probably would have been plenty earlier in the day.)

When I am tired the last thing I want to do is drive up and down side streets looking for parking, especially knowing I will have to get up the following morning and walk all the way to my car to leave for work. Yet when I've tried parking behind said roommate/ex, even in a way that would give them some room  to wiggle their cars out, they complained that they would not be able to get out. They both work the night/afternoon shift, so the days that they leave the house before I do are few and far between.

I dont think that guests of the house should be entitled to a spot particularly when it's easier to find parking in the afternoon/early evening when they arrive, but I worry if I say something about it they'll just bring up my other car. AITA if I say fuck it park behind them anyway?I'm a college-level programming TA. For some people, programming comes naturally; for others, the logical approach is counter-intuitive to the way their brains naturally work, requiring a lot of effort to rebuild thought patterns to think in logical terms. This course has one of the highest fail rates at my institution, so I hold extra office hours for students who need additional support. I truly believe that \*ANYONE\* *can* learn to program if they are committed to it.

This term I have a student ("Dan") who seems to be really trying. He comes to almost all my sessions, tells me he has watched YouTube videos etc. but is still struggling to understanding the most basic concepts like variables and mathematical operations - what programming is built on. I try to work with him on as much as possible, but I also have other students so I don't get as much time with him as I'd like.

For context, Dan is the first in his family to rise from poverty and attend college. He made it through our infamously horrible K-12 school district. I recognize that that is a large factor contributing to his current struggles. Additionally, Dan does not have many resources available to him such as the luxury of being able to quit work/miss shifts to focus on school or attend extra sessions. Knowing this, we often give him extensions on homework assignments etc. However, this has created a rolling "debt" where Dan is always behind and playing catch up. Based on my experience, it would take an INCREDIBLE comeback at this point to receive a passing grade. Today was the midterm practical exam and Dan barely got past setting up the basic main function and declaring a few irrelevant variables. Next week, we are starting the "hard stuff" and I just don't see how Dan will ever be able to catch up. However, I see that a lot so why is this different?

Well, Dan's story is inspiring to me and I want to champion for him and encourage him to stick it out and try for success. However, Dan is dumping so much of his time and energy into this course that his performance in other courses is suffering hard. At this rate, I worry that he will not only fail this course but the others as well. Whereas, if I was honest with him, it might not be too late to redirect his energy from this course back into his other classes and recover his grade enough to pass them. Then again, who am I to say what someone is capable of? However, I think if I were him I would want someone to be real with me.

So Reddit: WIBTA? Or, is there maybe a way I can demonstrate the steepness of the upcoming hill in this class so that he could come to the conclusion himself?

I love my job, I hate my job.Alrighty, this is on mobile, a throwaway, names and minor details have been changed for privacy concerns, etc. 

During freshmen year at university, I bonded with three other students. Thomas and Rex were my housemates as well, so it was nice. Thomas’ girlfriend, Danielle, had her own dorm, but it was close to Laura. However, by the end of freshman year, Laura was kidnapped, and we lost all contact with her, and we are quite frankly, unsure if she’s alive or not at this stage and time.

We’re juniors now, and I mentioned in front of a bunch of my friends (it’s a larger group now, but I’m still closest to Thomas, Rex and Danielle), that I want to request that the university leave a chair out for Laura’s memory during graduation. Thomas, Rex and Danielle were really excited about it, and agreed, but a few others called me an asshole for it, and said that I need to get over it, and that besides, she was technically an enrolled student who could come back. [The university froze her account instead of withdrawing her], and that graduation was about a time of celebration, not bringing up miserable shit.

tl;dr friend got kidnapped, my close friends and i want to leave a chair out for her, others disagree.

Realistically speaking, I don’t see her returning, but I get where they’re coming from. So... are my friends and I the assholes for wanting to have a chair out?I live in a small appartment where the kitchen is connected to the living room area. One of my roomate sets up the kitchen table every day like it is her office space after her classes. She is always at the table when I get home but I dont mind at all. She said she likes working there because she doesnt get much work done in her bedroom. 

However, when I get home and use the living room TV for video games or a movies she gets visibly upset and starts slamming her laptop closed and gathering her books and huffs back to her bedroom.

Am I the asshole for wanting to use my TV in the living room at the end of the day? If the roles were reversed, like they have been with my old roomates, I  would just go to a coffee shop, campus, the library, or use the desk in my room.I am the ED of a tiny nonprofit (staff of less than 5) and have a friendly relationship with all my staff. I know ppl like to say their staff is a “family” but in this case bc of how small our staff is, we really are close and have friendly personal relationships with each other. One particular staff member of mine I feel like if they didn’t work for me, perhaps we would have even been friends outside of work.

The issue comes now that this particular employee has been doing the bare minimum for the past 2-3 months. A month ago I put them on a performance improvement plan and they HAVE improved in those specific named duties.

However, while they are still improving I am picking up all the additional work and it has been causing me a great deal of stress and anxiety. We are in our “busy” season and my capacity is already pretty limited. I also am attempting to leave our nonprofit and part of my hiring them was with the intention to develop them to become a leader within this org. It is clear that more leadership/duties would not be a good fit for this person and while they’re improving, I am still spending a significant amount of time doing things to pull them up to the quality of work I want to see (editing emails, managing relationships, re-doing work, etc.)

I am at the point where I think what would be best for them (since it feels they are over their head) and the org, is to move forward and end the professional relationship with this person.

Said person has a significant twitter platform and I have seen them use it to “call out” or shame people before, while I’m less concerned with that, I also wish that we could maintain a friendly relationship.

I plan to give this person a generous severance package (a month of pay and benefits), but I know that they will see the termination as unfair and feel angry/resentful toward me.

I have been having issues sleep, waking up in cold sweats, and headaches for the past week at the thought of having to handle this situation. I am an extremely conflict adverse person and the anxiety is so high that I am now reconsidering and trying to figure out if with more investment and training could we make this work. 

I know that this person has some significant life challenges and terminating their employment would cause them a great deal of personal stress and financial setback. I am concerned about “ruining” their life and being perceived as the AH for not working more to get them to a place of competency. 

WIBTA if I cut my losses and terminated this person or do I owe it to them to give them more time to improve?My parents got divorced when I was 10. By the time I was 14 both of them had found new partners. My mother found a single dude and got married to him, while my father found a single mother with 2 kids. Both my parents pushed the fact that we should treat their partners and in father's case his partner's kids as family members. I was very much against that but I rolled with it as best as I could until I was able to live away from them.

Now, I have been living on my own with a long term girlfriend of mine. We don't want to get married but we wanted to have a kid together and she's now pregnant. While delivering the news to my parents I told them that I would prefer that this was something shared by the family only and by that I meant my mother, father and my 2 sisters. 

This piece of information was not well received, even by my two sisters who were very vocal about me excluding our other "siblings" who would all be very happy with the news. I explained that my kid would not grow up treating the others like family because they were not my family. They were my parent's family and that had nothing to do with me. 

My parents have been trying to change my mind about this because they feel like going along with it would be a slap on everyone's faces and it was unfair of me to put them in such position. While speaking with my girlfriend she says I'm free to deal with my family in any way I see fit but I should probably back down on this and give it more thought.So long story short. Parents in law are getting up there. Father in law should have retired like 4 years ago. They had four kids, two if which were unexpected. They both work he's an electrician and she's a desk jockey. They're too nice, and they have allowed some of my husband's brothers live with them like WAY longer than they should. Like one of them just moved out at age 30 and wasn't paying for anything. My husband and I are well off and we both moved out at 18. 

I believe they have credit debt, and I think they only have a few grand saved for retirement (less than 20k) and her 401k. They also have a house that they have a small mortgage on. They bought it for like 100k forever ago. 

If they need help, they would probably live with us. We make way more money than all his brothers combined. And though we would, of course, invite them, we want kids in a few years and would like our privacy. I think they could rent out their house for like 4k a month and live off the rent in an apartment pretty much anywhere. But we both feel awkward asking them directly about their finances so we were thinking of getting them a financial advisor. But we don't want to insult them either. 

So WIBTA?I've been dating a girlfriend named kirsten for a year now. Everything has been gret except for the issue of me calling her by the wrong name

I have a sister named kristen, I'm very close to her and interact with her often. Before dating Kirsten I was in a relationship with a girl named kristen for 5 years. The name kristen is extraordinarily deeply engrained in my name.

I've tried everything to stop calling Kirsten kristen by accident but nothing working well enough. I'd say I get her name right about 95% of the time. Its starting to take a toll on our otherwise great relationship. She thinks it's a huge deal, I dont think it is, it's not like I'm thinking about my ex or sister when I'm with her, my brain is just used to saying kristen.Background: I (28F) am the oldest of myself and my 7 sisters (we'll call them Jill, Mary, Ruth, Elle, Jane, Nora, Kylie), but all of us are roughly a year apart. Our mom died when I was young, our dad left, and we were raised by our grandmother. A year ago, she was diagnosed with cancer and Mary moved back in to care for her. 

Two weeks ago, she passed away. Mary had called me a few days beforehand to say that she was in decline, so I took a leave of absence from work and returned home. When she died, I agreed to stay in the country to help plan the funeral and handle legalities with her estate.

In our grandma's will, her inheritance was divided very evenly. She had left the house to Mary, which we all agreed was more than fair. Although the house was Mary's, she left the divvying up of the furniture to my sisters and I. We agreed to go through the house and put post-it's with our name on it on the furniture we wanted. More than one post-it, we would duke it out amongst the two who wanted it. No post-its, it'd be sold at an estate sale. 

I live a fairly nomadic life, so I didn't want much. Since my sisters were claiming pretty much everything else, I decided the two things I wanted was a brooch and a small lamp. The lamp was first in my grandma's nursery, then my mom's, then Kylie and Nora's. 

By the time we had finished stickying everything we wanted, we realized that all 8 of us had claimed the lamp. I told my sisters that it was only fair that I take it, since I only wanted the two things, while the rest of them had essentially taken the whole house. Kylie felt that since it had been "hers" most recently, it should be hers, but Nora felt she had a similar claim. Jane didn't "want much" so she felt deserving of the lamp. Elle wanted it in lieu of a wedding gift from our grandma (who was too poor to buy her one), and Ruth wanted it as furnishing for her new place. Mary thought she deserved it for taking care of gran, and Jill felt it was fair that it go in \*her\* daughter's room. 

I told Kylie, who also wanted the brooch, that she could have it if I got the lamp. She refused. It dissolved into a huge spat, so I went outside to calm down. When I came back in, they had agreed to "table the discussion." We all went to go home, but I sat in my car for a minute and cried about the lamp. It was stupid to cry over, but I was feeling really upset in general at my gran's death and was furious that my sisters hadn't allowed me the one thing. I decided to get it anyways. I put my jacket in my backpack, told Mary I had left it upstairs, went into the bedroom, took out my jacket, put the lamp in it's place, and then went to my hotel without detection.

Today, when my sisters noticed it was gone, they went MENTAL. Nobody is speaking to each other. I'm trying to just keep the lamp secret until my flight home in a few days, but I'm scared I'm causing irreparable damage to my family. But I really just want this lamp.

&#x200B;

AITA for stealing the lamp and refusing to admit it?My wife and I trying to use cash only as much as possible to keep us on a budget. The other day I had to leave for work and had no cash for gas. My 5 year old daughter has a piggy bank with money she’s gotten for birthday gifts and things like that. I’m guilty in the past of borrowing from her without asking, and she has noticed before I’ve been able to put the money back, so I stopped doing that. However, she has gotten very possessive of her money, which I don’t think is good.   


This time I asked her if I could borrow money for gas. She clearly didn’t want to, but I explained that families help each other out and I would pay her back. She pulled out a $10 bill and told me she would give me half. Before I could stop her, she ripped it in half. I explained that is not how bills work, but that I could tape it together and use the whole thing. She finally gave me the other half. I already have paid her back, but she was upset and my wife thinks I just should have used our debit card for gas and not asked our daughter at all. I think it’s important for our daughter to learn to share and how money works. AITA?A couple months ago, I was at a jewelry for personal matters, when the jeweler told me that they offer a simple men's ring for signing up to a rewards program. There were no downsides to signing up so I did, and I got that ring for free. I have no idea what it is made of; it's a featureless grey band, like [this $10 ring on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/TIGRADE-Titanium-Brushed-Wedding-Comfort/dp/B07SRS3DMV?ref_=ast_sto_dp), except mine is shiny and reflective.

I brought the ring home, gave it to my husband like "Hey, look what I got :D" without mentioning *how* I got it or the fact it was free. Hubby was over the moon and has been wearing the ring constantly ever since (he's not a jewelry person, his only other accessory is his wedding ring).

At first, I genuinely didn't realize he believes the ring to be an expensive precious ring I bought as a surprise gift for him, but I figured it out over time. Just last weekend, he was talking with his sister, showing off the ring and telling her how thoughtful and generous I was for buying it - and the sister said she guessed it was white gold. I felt deep shame at that moment, especially as I evaded the conversation when the two of them turned to me to ask me to confirm it's a white gold ring.

I didn't think anything of it at first, like handing a McDonald's toy that I don't want to my husband, only for him to act like it's a wonderful treasure I got him. Now I feel that "coming clean" would be really shameful and it's way too late for that, so I find myself trying to avoid the topic and hope he doesn't realize what's up. Does that make me an asshole? What should I do?Okay, so I have 2 roommates in a 3 bedroom apartment. Rent here is absolutely dirt cheap due to the fact it's in a not so great neighboorhood but I'm a full-time student working a shitty minimum wage job full time in order to pay for school and my living expenses. It's been 3 weeks and he still hasn't paid me. I plan to kick him out tomorrow with a 2 weeks time to gtfo. Edit: At this point I don't even want the money from him I just want him to leave so my younger brother can take his place.

Edit (info): These were 2 people who I put through background checks and interviewed personally. He failed to notify me until 2 days ago that he had crashed his car. This wouldn't have been a big deal had he just told me he was in a rough spot and would have the money by the end of the month. He also promised me today that he would 100% have the money. He has litteraly bought a house but is waiting on the deal to be finalized so we believe he is just fucking us over and wasting our time baiting us with the cash he owes us until he can do a midnight move out. (sorry for word vomit hopefully that makes sense) 

AITA ?Gonna try to keep this as short as possible.  My partner and I recently purchased a second hand-tamed budgie with the intention of trying to fully train him to become completely tame (we avoid taking him out of the cage completely because we have not gotten his wings clipped yet)  Our first budgie was pretty much a failed experiment in attempting to hand-rear from a younger age.

To give the new bird a chance to get used to us, we have been keeping him in a smaller cage so we can spend time with him and have said that we want to keep him separate until he gets used to us/the other bird.  More than once though, I've come home to find that he has been shifted into the other cage while myself and my partner have been out of the house, to which she always says "He needs to spend time with the other bird, even if it is little 10-15min "playdates".  "

The issues are:  1. We have had the new bird less than a week and our old bird is very territorial with regards to his cage.  2. Our new bird is learning bad habits from the old bird and is actually becoming LESS tame.  When we first got him, he would quietly sit on our hand.  Now he sits for maybe 5 seconds at most before hopping off again and is almost impossible to catch when we try to remove him from the larger cage.

AITA for starting to get annoyed with my housemate for potentially ruining our new pet by not respecting our requests?Recently I got a gift in the form of a brand new phone. My old phone was still in near perfect condition, and I've been really tight with money for the last couple of weeks, so I decided to sell it online. As I needed the money fast, I put it up for nearly half of what everyone else was asking for this kind of phone and I made sure to put a big "NO REFUND" disclaimer. I ended up selling my phone to a lady about 50 miles away via post, and once she got the phone, this conversation followed:

Lady: Hi! I need your G-mail and password.

Me: Excuse me? what for?

Lady: I can't use the phone without it, see? (she sent a picture of the screen)

Me: Huh, give me a moment please, I'll see what I can do about it.

I had no idea why this was happening as I did a factory reset (wiped all the data) on the phone. So I did some research, and it turns out that at some point google implemented FRP (factory reset protection). What that essentially means is that if you have FRP turned on (and it's turned on by default) and you do a factory reset you will have to sign in with your G-mail account to use the phone again.

This was obviously an oversight on my part and I had to take responsibility for it, so I continued our earlier conversation:

Me: I'm terribly sorry for this inconvenience. Google implemented this new security measure that I wasn't aware of, and that's why it is asking for my G-mail. The only thing I can do for you is have you send the phone back, I'll fix the issue, and send it back to you again. I'll pay for shipping.

Lady: Why can't you just give me your G-mail?

Me: Well that's my personal G-mail, I can't trust anyone with it, especially not someone I don't even know.

Lady: Then I want a refund.

Me: I'm sorry, I can't give you a refund. I realize this is inconvenient, but I'm offering to fix the problem out of my pocket, and you can have a working phone within 2-3 days. Not to mention you're not going to find a better price for a phone like this.

Lady: No. You sold me a broken phone and I want my money back.

Me: Well I'm sorry. The phone's not broken and I'm not giving you back your money. I offered to fix the problem, take it or leave it.

She hasn't replied since.

so, AITA?Throwaway cause my family and friends have account


My mom has her lifelong friend (lets call her F)who's kinda going through a bad phase right now,she has a 9 year old along with a 4 year old.She's been asking my mother for favours such as borrowing our car and taking some money for groceries etc.

Now,F lost all her money doing drugs and her husband left her.He recently passed away so shes struggling making ends meet as she practically lived of his support money(I should add that the younger child was a one night stand and the Father is nowhere to be found)

Recently,F had come over and she began saying that she's going out looking for jobs but needs to find a babysitter for her children.

She guilted my mother into allowing the kids over for some time but now days F has started taking advantage over the fact that she's guilted my mother and has started asking  my mother to ask me to do stuff for her.I was by no means free as I currently had end sem exams going on but I feel bad for the woman so I agreed to get groceries,look after the kids etc

It has come to my knowledge that F has started taking huge amounts of money from My mother as "she needs to make ends meet".We are by no means poor
but we are pretty conservative and since my father's passing a couple of years ago,Mom worked 2 jobs and saved quite a chunk of money for the future.This is rapidly depleting and My mother is just letting her take huge sums of money
Like we can try to help in ways like getting groceries and lending our car but now its getting too much.We recently had to  cancel a europe trip for the two of us    for which my mom had saved for 5 years for.

WIBTA to tell F to stop exploiting my mother for her money? I'm on mobile so please bare with me.

So context: I'm in my last year of university and I'm about to graduate this june. My university held this small contest for those who love writing a chance to write their own speech for graduation day. Those who followed the criteria and wrote the best speech, will win first price $150 dollars.

Now I'm not much of an extrovert or someone who loves to do public speaking, however, a little money to pay for this trimester doesn't hurt, plus with my love for writing and the fact that I have a minor related to it, I decided to go ahead. This was almost two months ago. Well a week ago, they decided the winner a lo and behold it was me! I actually won out of like 80 or so students who participated.

Well here is the thing. Each department has their own "club" with a president, vp, treasurer etc. There is this girl well known by the department of my major and she is known to hold activities and festivities related to our department. From what I heard, she is intelligent and hard working. 

I was speaking to my favorite professor and dropped the news about me doing the speech at my graduation. She congratulates me. I didn't notice that the people from the "club" were there. The professor mentions how the president needs to make a last minute speech for a visitor that was going to speak in one of her classes. I said that I was willing to help her in constructing the paper. The president, however, wanted me to actually DO the speech for her and give it to her in a specific time. She gave me her number and email all too quickly. And to be honest she was very snarky about it.

I told her I was willing to help but that I was against doing the entire speech for her. I explained that I am a possessive person when it comes to original work and that it wouldn't be fair to give someone else my work that they will claim as theirs (I said this as nice as possible). By then the rest of her g̶r̶o̶u̶p̶i̶e̶ club were listening. There is this one girl who said that it's just for a 5 minute speech. I told her I understand but if it's for such a quick speech why demand for help?

They basically said I was being petty and that she was very busy being president. I said that that's her choice as being president and that I am also a very busy person. Again, they kept saying it's just a paper for a 5-10 minute speech. I told the president that why is she acting so entitled and that I wonder who else has made your speeches since you're so busy.

At that moment the professor chimed in. The rest of the group mumbled some nonsense and the president leaves. I felt ganged upon and what stings is that the professor thought I overreacted. So reddit, did I really overreact? In my opinion, it's basically plagiarism. I don't know why are they so ok and comfortable about a student taking credit on another student's work. Just because it's not for a grade doesn't make it any less ethical. I feel like my reputation has been tarnished a bit.So Jane was a friend from HS and retail. Goes to college in a different state. Comes back during the breaks to work. She had been going through a lot at the time (scammed by her second job and one of our friends taking a LONG time to pay back a several hundred dollars). I was there for her the entire time meeting with her etc. Then out of nowhere she mentions she has lice and that it's the second time in less than a year.

I asked if it's okay for her to be out esp with her hair down since it's very long. She said it's fine & that lice isn't contagious unless you share a hat or comb all the time. I wasn't the one with experience so I believed her (like an absolute fool). Especially after her rant about how she worked at a boba shop near her campus and they shared hats and no one caught it for her. So I ignored it and hooked her up with a job at a bakery I used to work at.

Two weeks later & we're plan to eat with some friends we made at the store we used to work at. I asked her if she got rid of the lice and she did honestly tell me that it's still there, but assures me it's fine. My spidey senses go off and I bug her about it until she started getting annoyed with me so I let her be while half jokingly stating that if she gave me lice that I'd never speak to her again so she should really be sure before coming out.

It's the day of the meet up. She comes late because of a shift at the bakery. I see her with her hair loose and out. Since I worked at the bakery before, I know you HAVE to tie up your hair and bring your own hat for hygiene purposes. That meant she took it off and let down her hair despite knowing she has lice. I think this might just be a habit, but I notice she leans in very close everytime she talks and I try to move away without being over the top rude about it.

So the VERY next day I see a louse in my hair and panic as a full adult getting lice for the first time would. Almost have a Britney moment and in my fit of panicked rage I message her saying that I warned her what would happen if she gave me lice and proceeded to block her on every platform. Was this a juvenile move? Yes. But I keep my word.

Tbh, I was less upset about getting lice from her and more upset about the fact that she knew she had lice, knew it was contagious, told me otherwise, and had the audacity to come out anyways. Somehow I was the only one who got it so it may have seem like I was overreacting to the others. What sent me over the edge was that the others were asking if I was sure I got it from her and how I knew so quickly. They were convinced that I MUST have gotten it a week or two ago from the time I met with her one-on-one. I didn't feel like I should be the one defending myself so I didn't although in retrospect that may have put me in a worse light.

This whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth and now I'm left wondering if it was actually my fault, since I knew and I didn't have to go to the reunion/meet up if I was thAt concerned. AITA?I(19f) and my friend "Ella" are going to a big beauty convention next week.

The convention is on Friday and Saturday and originally Ella and I wanted to buy tickets for Friday but they were sold out so we had to take the Saturday ones. By now all the tickets are sold out.

The instagram page of this beauty convention hosted a giveaway last week and the price was two tickets for the convention on Friday.

To enter the giveaway you had to follow the page and tag a friend. I tagged Ella.

Thousands of people entered the giveaway but lo and behold, I won. Since I was already going with Ella to the convention on Saturday, I figured it would be okay to take another friend of mine with me on Friday.

When I told Ella she was very mad and told me that I hurt her feelings because she thought that since I tagged her I would take her in case in I won.

So AITA for taking another friend instead of Ella with my Friday ticket?I was out to lunch with my 5 month old son and he needed to be changed. 

I went to the restroom but found the men’s didn’t have a changing table, so went to the women’s. 

I walked in and there were some hushed whispers from a couple women (wouldn’t have guessed it was about me if it weren’t for what happened next.) but everyone else just went about their business. 

I was sorting through the diaper bag getting everything I needed ready to go when a restaurant hostess approached me and said “oh sorry sir, the men’s is actually at the other end.” 

I explained there was no changing table there and she said “never the less, this is the women’s room, and your presence is making some of our patrons uncomfortable.” 

I was kind of flummoxed and said “I’m fully clothed, I’m not peeking under stalls, I just want to change my son and finish my meal.” 

The hostess began to get upset and said “I understand but how about your wife comes and changes him?” And I told her we were there alone. 

We were starting to attract attention in the restroom at this point and one of the women said “I’ve been there with four of my own. I can change him.” The hostess seemed to think that was a suitable compromise but I wasn’t comfortable leaving my baby alone with a stranger to change him. 

I said this and another woman, who I think is one of the ones who complained, said “Then go home and change him at home or lay your changing pad on a counter surface in the men’s bathroom.” A woman with her added “Cisgender men aren’t entitled to violate our space this way. You’re making people uncomfortable, you need to respect that.”

This was the first quiet meal out I’d had since he was born, so I just ignored her and started to change him. The hostess got the manager, a man, who called from the door that I needed to leave. 

I wasn’t about to drive my baby home in a soiled diaper though, so finished up. I'm a 32 yr old woman and my parents are divorced and have been my entire life. Typical deadbeat dad type thing blaming my Mother for everything and saying that she kept him from seeing me. I've seen him maybe a half dozen times in my entire life. He had three or four fully paid trips per year to see me via his job and never used them, well to come see me at least.

\---He's a wife beating alcoholic--

My grandmother died in 2016 very suddenly and I had a cancer scare so I got the whole (holy shit life is short) mindset and decided to reach out to my father, for the third time (every other time has failed), in an attempt to reconcile. He really pissed me off and first because of the blaming my Mother for everything and for some reason I gave him the ultimatum that if he trashed my Mother this entire attempt at a relationship is done. Which he agreed too and complied with, many points for him.

Everything is going fine. I'm thinking maybe we might even be friends.

Last year my Mother (at 61) dies very suddenly. I am the only child of a single parent. I am completely stunned because she was the only one who I knew had my back regardless.

Guess what happens. He comes with the typical sympathy and whining how he regrets everything that happened and he was thinking of their life together and etc. And middle aged man regret.

Anyway I had to go through a bunch of my Moms papers for other things required by X, Y and Z and one of the things is the divorce agreement. Luckily she kept a copy along with a copy of the custody hearing and I read it.

Well....

He didn't want me. Never did.

In the transcript of the hearing he was bragging about marrying his new wife (Bar whore from above) and had his new son, basically his happy new family. Suffice to say my Mom got full custody. I was six years old at the time and I never knew this since you know, she didn't want me to suffer that hurt being that young.

Sooo for this and among other reasons he and I had a fight and haven't spoken since like July. And I decided to cut my losses and that he was dead to me from that point on. It was just easier and less painful.

Anyway, on February 23 he emails me this:

" I’ve been diagnosed with a brain tumor. I have a MRI scheduled for Tuesday AM, and might know more then. Whatever may come to pass, I do want you to know that you were always in my thoughts, and I deeply regret not being a better father to you "

How the fuck do you respond to that? Where was this 30 years ago?

This situation will inevitably include the rest of my family in some kind of effort to get he and I together to reconcile before it's too late and blah blah blah. Because one of my uncles has this weird idea that everyone in a family needs to make nice.

I don't fucking know if I'm crazy or not.

I just want grieve for my mom and move on with my life. I'm too fucking tired for any of this.

Am I the asshole?A little backstory, we've been friends since highschool and we used to hang out every weekend and drink. I(m27)moved away for a while and that's when my drinking got out of control. This was over a year ago and I have since stopped drinking but I never mentioned this to anyone because I find it embarrassing.

Now on to the party, when I got there I told them clearly that I wouldn't be drinking. They were ok with it at first but as the night went on things started getting a little...tense. They kept commenting how I used to be more fun and that I'm acting like an oldman and they even tried to rope my SO into it.(my SO drinks and I'm fine with that) 

So I decided that enough was enough and said that I was going home, it was only around 9:00pm and I had only been there a few hours. Anyway it made things worse because they started saying things loud enough for the other guests to hear, people I barely know. At this point I'm tired and a little pissed off so I left. Now they're saying I'm a bad friend because I didn't want to drink with them??? So AITA for not drinking and not telling them why? I feel a little guilty but I don't know. I don't think they would understand because when I tell them I don't like it anymore they look at me like I'm insane and say things like I'm still young and I should party while I have the chance.I live within walking distance of a Smoothie King and love getting smoothies all the time. However, I have noticed that a few times when I have tried to get one right after they are scheduled to open that they were in fact not yet open, and I was unable to buy a smoothie. In those instances, I just left and came back later. So this weekend, I was looking to get a smoothie right after they opened and called the place up to make sure that they were open, so I wouldn’t run into this issue (someone answered the phone and indicted that they were open). 

When I got off the phone, my roommate told me that I was an asshole for doing that. He said that he has worked in fast food service before and that he hated getting those calls and that no one working there cared. I said that I would think the business would care because I am just trying to make sure that I can spend my money to purchase their product. He conceded that that might be true of the business as a whole but not of the workers there. And that because I have never worked a fast food service job that I just didn’t understand. 

So AITA for calling Smoothie King five minutes after they are scheduled to open to find out if they are actually open so that I can go buy a smoothie?My boyfriend is upset because I have refused *multiple times* to drive 5 hrs round trip *in one day* for his best friend's baby's first birthday. He asked me multiple times on separate occasions over many weeks what my weekend looks like and I have said the same thing every time: I am getting my car worked on friday, wedding dress shopping Saturday (will not be relaxing for so many reasons), and I would like the other days to do whatever the hell I want (relax, do a hobby, actually clean the house, see my family). He says that we were at my best friend's baby shower for 9 hours last week so what's the difference? The difference is that she only lives 1 hr away and I was throwing that baby shower for her so I needed to set up and break down.

 I am an overworked RN and I need my time off. I'm new to my career and I am struggling with the mental and emotional work required to care for sick people. I clocked 60 hours in just 4 days. Sitting in a car for 5 hours, just to sit and make small talk with people I'm not super close with or dont even know is the absolute last thing I want to do when I'm at my best....let alone when I'm burned out. I have a big smile on all day while I get cursed out by drug addicts, wipe ass, and pray I'm not missing something important for that really sick patient. There is nothing left for small talk. I was ridiculously sleep deprived and burned out for the baby shower last week and started to spiral in a really negative way (as privately as possible). He knows this. There are some friends you can be your 100% self around, whatever state you're in at that moment. His friends aren't those people to me.  Why would I want to put myself in a position where I'm gonna be in an ugly mood around them and dampen their happy day on  top of it? 

So, AITA?Tonight I ordered empanadas from Postmates, and my driver accidentally gave me someone else's order. 

I get it. Mistakes happen. But this time there could have been real consequences for me.

I'm allergic to shellfish. The restaurant I ordered from sells shrimp empanadas that happen to look the same on the outside as many other non-shrimp empanadas. (I can eat food prepared in a place with shellfish). I had no reason to believe my order was incorrect, so I went to take a bite of my food, before I noticed the word "shrimp" written in small letters on the little paper bag it came in. (The overall bag did not have any labels, and they were not obvious on the individual empanada bags). I immediately stopped and checked the other empanadas, and realized I had the entirely wrong order.

I'm sure the driver had no way of knowing what was in the bag or that I was allergic to shellfish, and I don't want to get him fired. But at the same time, I think he should have been more careful. What if next time someone actually does have an allergic reaction? 

This just happened now so I can't tell if I actually want to make a big deal of this or if I'm just fired up from almost having a severe allergic reaction within the hour.

WIBTA if I made a big deal to Postmates about this?I have 2 kids (7 and 3). I stay at home, study online FT, and have moved from my hometown to my partners to be closer to his family, so don't have my own family or friends around for support (his family don't contact me unless I make the effort). So, I'm fairly lonely at times, plus the 2 kids (one with special needs) keep me busy. My partner works long hours, and I appreciate what he does. I make him lunch everyday, don't ask for help with the housework, and keep things in order at home so he literally can just come home, eat and relax. However, he always fails to tell me if he is working late (which is seemingly everyday) which is frustrating, as I plan dinner and the kids activities around when daddy will be home for dinner so we can eat and be a family. I'll call him when I think he should be on the way home so I can organise things to be ready for him as soon as he walks through the door, and he'll often still be at work, or on the toilet at work (😳). He claims he is too busy to let me know, but I see him active on Facebook. Is it too much to ask to let me know of he will be home or not? I feel so invisible and unimportant. I get that he works hard and long hours, but I'm busy at home also with the kids and I get so mad that I don't even get  courtesy text saying if he will be home or not! I prioritize everything around him at the end of the day, and I know that I can just stop doing so, but I want the kids to have a family meal + family time if possible. AITA for just wanting a freaking text and getting pissed when I don't? 

TLDR, partner never tells me if he is working late...So this is something that happened some weeks ago but it was recently brought up again and I never even thought about it but now I man starting to think I might be TA .

So basically I (14 m) have a friend we'll call Emma (14 f). She has had crush on me for two years and I have always known it but never been interested. I just wouldn't mention it around her and we would just hang out like everything was normal. We were pretty good friends and I was just hoping she would eventually just get over her crush on me.

Then one time we were at our friends place (who I will call J) with a bunch of friends talking about crushes and such, and I say something along the lines of "Aww man, I have like 20 crushes haha." And nobody reacted weirdly at all. I didn't think about this because its a pretty normal thing to say.

Maybe a week we are talking and she admits she has a crush on me and she mentions that when I said this she was a bit hurt and I, not knowing what to say, just go "oh yeah haha that was a joke heh." Because I was panicking. Well, later in the conversation I told her I wasn't looking for a relationship and she left. It got a bit awkward but it was okay, and I still considered her a good friend.  (This was about two weeks ago.)

Well, today one of my friends gave me a letter. It was from Emma and she basically just said a bunch of shit that isn't really relevant to this story, but she also mentioned "That time at J's place" and that that was a really shitty and awful thing and that it made her realise that I was a shit person. Well I was reading the letter and I didn't know what "that time at J's place" meant, so I went to her and asked her. She said that talking about having crushes on lots of people in front of someone you know likes you is an awful thing to do, and she told me to have basic respect for peoples feelings. I also found out that some of my friends agree with Emma.

Tldr: I talk about having crushes on lots of people in front of a friend that I know likes me and she tells me I don't have basic respect for peoples feelings.

Edit: I'm asking whether or not I am the asshole for talking about having crushes on lots of people in front of my friend who I knew had a crush on me.Context: I met Jack & his partner Ryan about a year ago when they moved to my city via two other friends of mine, Mike & Sean. The five of us are pretty good friends (Mike, Sean and I are especially close) and we hang out quite often.

Next month is my birthday. I’ve decided I want to have a “Bad Movie Night” at my place. I’ll be providing alcohol and weed for my guests, with everyone free to bring whatever they wish.

My place is small (studio with a separate kitchen) and can reasonably fit about a dozen people before it gets too claustrophobic. Because of this, and the fact that I have several other good friends I’ve been wanting to invite, I decided not to invite Jack & Ryan.

The reason: Ryan has a drinking problem. On any night I’ve been out with him, he always gets the most drunk. This wouldn’t be a problem if this also didn’t come with a 50/50 shot of him being belligerent. While he hasn’t done this to me, he has a habit of saying hurtful or inflammatory things while under the influence. Even when he’s sober he’s been known to be petty when he’s in a bad mood, which is often.

Putting it blankly, he drinks to cope, and he doesn’t know what his limits are.

Ryan doesn’t like being called out on this and can’t really handle criticism either, so if I told him about any of this he would just shut down and likely be petty around me.

I told Mike and Sean about my decision and only them because I trust them and they’ve known Ryan a lot longer than I have; they support my decision. Mike in particular told me not to worry about it and he understood.

Still, I can’t help but feel like I’m being an exclusionary asshole. I was intentionally excluded a lot from social gatherings as a kid/teen and I hated it and now I’m doing the same thing to someone else as an adult. To exclude a friend, even if other people support my decision, just feels petty and immature.

So, am I being an asshole? Thank you.
My (26F) and my fiance (30M) have been together since 2011 and we have been engaged for 4 years now. We are planning for a wedding in my hometown Tijuana in the summer and honestly I lowkey dreading it. I love my family, I grew up in Mexico and I am a proud Chicana and when I was 7 years old my parents moved the family to Tampa.

Now, while Tijuana hosts many many tourists and fun seekers, we do have a close knit community and this is where it starts. My fiance is British with a mix of Senegal, but more apparent on his Senegalese side. My late grandfather is from Gabon to my dad (who is American) and my mom is fully Mexican. When they got married, my uncles and aunts weren’t too happy about it but they let it slide at the time. 

I have two younger siblings and they’re all over the US - we are close and Ill be the first one to marry in the family. I went back to Tijuana a couple weeks ago and this is the first time they met my fiance and I could tell my aunts and uncles were not so welcoming. I mean they do, but you can tell it seemed forced. 

We still had a good time, good drinks, we got everything ready and booked. I wanted to have this wedding here because many of my families cant really travel to FL. And we plan to have another wedding in the UK for Christmas for his side of the family. On the last day before we were supposed to fly back, we had one last family dinner - everything went well until I heard one of my aunts whispering to my cousin (14F) to not “bring another black” to marry when she grows up.

This pissed me off and I said; “do you forget my grandfather is from Gabon and we are “black” too?” Obviously everyone heard this and some took her side by saying I was disrespectful towards her and she’s only saying that to her daughter so it’s “none of our business”.

My parents got annoyed, but tried to diffuse the situation and tried to calm me down. I was about to let go until my uncle chimed in and said “they’re all the same, thats why she’s marrying this guy (pointing to my already uncomfortable fiance) instead.” At this point, I was livid and stormed out and flew back the next day. My fiance werent that bothered and my family said I should let it go. 

Fast forward to yesterday when they reached out to apologize. it seemed half assed apologies and said “you of all people should understand how hard it is for our people where you are.” That statement made me even angrier and I said to her “its because of people like you with this fucked up mindset is why we have this issue in the first place.” I hung up and refused to have them in our wedding.

When the word got out that I uninvited them to my wedding my phone blew up and said I’m being ridiculous and unreasonable for uninviting my own family to my wedding. I said its my wedding and I can do what I want & they all start labelling me as Bridezilla. My family and fiance took my side and they agree its my decision. This whole situation is divided and now some took my side and some took their side. So my question is, am I the asshole?My boyfriend has very nice parents however they are Mormon, not extremely strictly, but sometimes this makes them pretty judgmental of other people. I don’t think it equates necessarily to their religion but my BFs parents can be kind of oblivious to how rude their judgment is at times and will poke fun at people or have a “holy-er than tho” appearance. Not so much his mom but more so his dad. My BF and I have gotten into disagreements before about how I feel judged being a pretty liberal person around his conservative parents and usually I have to hide a lot of things about myself (my septum piercing, tattoos etc) and never go too deep into conversation regarding politics. 

Anyway I wasn’t too sure where to have my graduation party. I didn’t necessarily want to have it where I live (with my mom and her BF) because the house is a wreck from my moms BF spending the last two years “fixing it”. So there’s like open ceiling, old flooring that’s all cracked etc, a whole room he demolished to be redone but only had gotten the wooden structure back up in two years. Her BF has a company and the office is attached to the house and that segment of the house is way nicer. I told my mom if we did have a graduation party this May then we should either have it at a park and just grill out or in his backyard and only let people use the office side of the house for a restroom etc. 

My BFS parents are way more wealthy and better off than me. They offered to have the party at their house, their big backyard with its own fishing pond etc. It seems like a lovely gesture but I don’t necessarily want to be so concerned about their rules. My family is not very religious like them and they drink, smoke, etc. His family doesn’t even believe in drinking coffee or tea do even I have to hide that. I know for a fact my family will want to have alcohol eat the party, maybe even beer pong when it gets later and the acquaintances leave since this is what they did for my highschool grad party years ago. Basically his parents are pretty offended I don’t want to have the party there because I told them point blank there will be alcohol and other things they don’t approve of. They weren’t like pissed off but we’re still mad and hurt. My BF isn’t religious like them and understands my choice but I feel rude to pass up a nice party location just for the fact that I don’t want to have to follow their strict rules. 

AITA?I've been dealing with depression and anxiety pretty much all my life. I tell my close friends about this issue, if anything related comes up. Past year I had to spend more than 6 months lying down due to an illness I suffered, which also caused chronic pain. It was one of the most difficult times in my life, and still I'm both physically and mentally trying to recover. During this period, a friend of mine, lets call her Becky, had been calling me regularly and cheering me up. I've been so grateful for her support so when she needed it, I wanted to be there for her.

Now, Becky is a very enthusiastic but an aggressive person. She makes plans and if anything comes up to ruin them, she goes berserk. Swearing, ranting, getting angry is her style. In the end, everything works out, but her behavior causes a lot of unneeded drama.

Last year Becky got engaged. Ever since she wanted the wedding to happen as soon as possible, even though she and her fiance are in no place to support themselves and start a family. In her quest she changed jobs, forced both families to invest in their marriage. With her new job, Becky had to deal with new stresses, and realized that her new field of work is too demanding for her to create the married life she wanted. She fought with her boss a lot, and started having anxiety and panic attacks. As someone familiar with this type of situation, I always recommended her to see a professional and told her I was there for her. But I ended up being her sounding board. Our daily conversations of support turned into her calling me five times a day, at least for 30 minutes, crying and venting her anger towards her unmet plans.

After days of persuasion, she finally saw a psychiatrist, who prescribed her medicines to help with her anxiety. The very same week, she quit her job and quit taking her pills, started acting over-the-top fine considering her state in past 3-4 months. I didn't realize her anger and continuous venting had triggered my own anxiety, and suddenly I found myself trying to cope with my returning demons. I told her I've been having a hard time and since she's doing fine, she should tone down the anger she's venting on me, but it didn't help much. After a couple of warnings, I had to take a more stern stance and told her that I gave her all the support I can and to stop calling me for a while until I can manage my anxiety. She screamed and shouted, saying how hard it was to deal with her upcoming wedding, how she was fighting with everyone and she even came to the point of breaking up with her fiance. I told her everyone has a life and everyone has problems to deal with, and right now I can't be there for her. I haven't spoken to her ever since, and I don't plan to in the near future. And if she keeps up the same aggressiveness, I don't even plan to reconnect with her again.

I desperately tried to remove myself from this stressful situation, but I feel that as a friend I could've handled it better.

AITA?This is my first ever post so sorry if it’s bad. 

So I’m in a construction class and the class has to do projects. My friend and I were working together to make this project. About 1/2-3/4 way through our project someone in our class forced himself into the group (we didn’t mind too much since he just needed someone to work with). But the whole time he was in our group he didn’t help do anything. My friend and I thought we did a great job on the project so we kicked the guy out before we got it marked so he didn’t get our mark for doing nothing. He did get into another group so he didn’t just get a zero on the project.

AITA for kicking this guy out right before the teacher wanted to mark the projects?

(If I could do anything better, as in the post, not the story, please tell me)Hey guys. Let me start by saying this happened about 4 years ago, I was 18. I had just broken up with my first long time girlfriend. In my loneliness, I went on a chatroom that I liked to frequent, and met a girl named k. K and I became very good friends, we were the same age and she had just broken up with her first boyfriend, and we bonded on both being heartbroken and yadda yadda. I was just glad I had someone to talk to again. After a month or so of us knowing each other, we started kind of being mildly flirtatious with each other. This would usually happen very late at night over Skype. One night, it was very late and I was feeling horny and stupid. I remember we were playing a game of Truth or Dare (I know I know). The dares eventually became the removal of clothing. I would dare her to take something off and she would dare me. However, she seemed kind of ... Shy about it? Like I wouldn't say uncomfortable, but maybe embarrassed? She did tell me to remove clothing, but it would take a while for her to say it. I also remember the video quality was awful so it was hard to read how she was feeling. Eventually we were both nude and we still wanted to play but she didn't know what to dare me. So I suggested I could show her my penis, to what she agreed (although again she seemed shy). I did, and she just kinda said "wow okay that just happened", and things kind of ended there. I remember on my turn, I wanted to see something of hers, and she said she didn't want to so I didn't push. After that incredibly awkward night, we both kind of realized that we wouldn't work out like that I think. The flirting became less and less and we kind of just became friends. We eventually stopped talking to each other, and I haven't heard from her in a long time. She never expressed any anger or discomfort about that night to me verbally, in fact the next day she just kinda shrugged it off. Was this an example of an awkward teenage sexual encounter, or was I being predatory? In hindsight, I wish I never did it, but at the time, I figured she was telling me she wanted to do these things, so she must have wanted me to? I could see now how it could almost be grooming, and I feel kind of gross about it all these years later.*On mobile, sorry for format

Background:

I watch my Kindergarten aged niece 5 days a week after she gets out of school. M-Th 6-8 hours and F I actually drive 15-20 min to pick her up and bring her home to watch her for anywhere from 4-7 hrs. 

I get paid $60/wk to do this. If it is a short week, she will even drop it to $40. Per my sister's request, I will pick her up other days as needed. Sister brings lunch for niece 2-3 times a week. I provide the other days. 

My niece is only alone, without another child type of alone, for 2-3 hours and my son (like her brother) gets home. I have a playroom, art room, Lego room, and plenty of movies, educational games, etc. 

My sister constantly brings up my niece's complaints of me not entertaining her.

Story:
Today my sister asked if I could take niece to a bounce house, alone, without my son or her other daughter, so she could "have something to do". I felt this was a ridiculous request as she would NEVER do this. Hell, she has yelled at me for taking my own child somewhere without her kids.

Sister says she is "helping me out" by even paying me what she does and that it is my job. I say that I provide plenty of activities for her and the short amount of time she has unstructured play is good for her. I also say its not my job to be her constant entertainment. I do play board games or color, etc. every day with her. Just not the entire time she is alone.

Edit for clarification: She is NEVER alone. She is just without another child to play with for 2-3 hours. I do play with her. Just not for the entire time before we pick up my son.

So AITA?Edited for formatting (damn phones) 

Context basically boils down to: me being a potwash in a moderately busy restaurant with a temporary head chef sorting rotas.


TLDR I'm tired of my rota getting changed last minute WIBTA for telling people to stop changing my hours to suit their needs

Last Sunday I got the rota, great I can make plans around this. Head chef asks me mid shift Sunday if I would be alright working some extra hours IF NEEDED today I agree saying along as the rota is changed before hand.

I look last night before bed (11:30ish) no change cool I can watch some movies I've been meaning to catch up on. 20 minutes ago and boom I get a message asking where I am cause I agreed to the hours which I guess I technically did(?)

I'm new to the whole kitchen lifestyle of work and don't really understand if what is happening to me is common or I'm getting messed around unfairly.I (F35) have been told my entire life by doctors i would never be able to have kids. So imagine my surprise when i have a one night stand with my boss (M50) and i get pregnant. I found out i was pregnant a month ago. We had our one night stand in the first week of october. I was overjoyed and finally felt complete. I am currently about 20 weeks and my boss found out yesterday when he came back from a sabbatical he took for 2 months. He’s MAD. He tells me i have to get rid of it. I then found out he had a wife and a whole entire family which i NEVER knew about. (btw i work at a private law firm and he owns it with his brother) He says he can’t have a child with me and even after i explained to him my fertility issues he said i have to get rid of it. In our area i could technically get an abortion right now. I told him i’m not getting rid of it and he’s saying i ruined his life. We used a condom, he’s the only man i’ve slept with in the past 5 years. All my exes have left me because i cannot get pregnant so to me this is a miracle. In our area he would be required to pay child support, no matter what. I want this baby and i think i’m gonna keep it. He’s saying i’m ruining his life. I even recently found out it was a baby girl. My sister is on my side but her husband spent the better part of yesterday reaming me for forcing him to have a child. My boss is saying i’m gonna ruin his family and his kids life. So, AITA for keeping my baby?My dad and mom were together for 26 years, but my mom separated from my dad a year and a half ago because she didn’t want to deal with mental health issues (relevant later). 

My dad is still desperately in love with my mom, and he is working every day to get better. However, my mom has found another guy who I’ll call Steve. They’ve been dating around a year. There’s nothing wrong with Steve, and I have no personal beef with him, but I’m not close to him by any stretch of the imagination. 

I’m getting married, and my dream wedding always included my dad walking me down the aisle. I sent RSVPs out last week. My mom asked me to bring a plus one to our wedding, and I confirmed that plus one would be Steve. 

I texted my dad to warn him that Steve will be at the wedding, and I got no answer from him. He called me a day later and told me that he cannot attend my wedding. He fears that he will have a relapse into alcohol if he sees my mom with anyone else. 

I texted my mom and told her Steve can’t come because I want my dad to be there more than anything in the world. She was understanding, but told me her relationship with Steve is on the rocks because he feels like he will never get to fully be a part of her family because of my dad. She says she will choose me, but she will never have a relationship with any man if I keep “choosing” my dad. 

The way I see it, I’m not choosing my dad over her, I’m choosing his sobriety over Steve. And while I understand Steve’s concerns, I don’t think he can expect to fully integrate into an established, adult family. I feel like Steve is guilt tripping my mom to go to a wedding for someone he barely knows. Am I looking at this wrong, or is Steve overstepping?Weird story I know, but bare with me.

My (37M) son (15M) is very skinny and therefore very sensitive about his weight. Wife (36F) and I have been giving him weight gain diets, occassionally made home-made protein shakes for him and he's slowly making progress, but it's a long way. He's committed to make himself normal again and that's brilliant.

We visited my family (a couple of states away) again for 2 weeks, after not seeing them for 2 years. It was a nice reunion, until my son complained that Uncle (40M) was complaining about his weight and how fine he used to look before and how he looks "similar to a twig". I had a chat with him and told him that this is a sensitive subject for him and that it's best that you don't talk about it. I made this clear to everyone in private.

Family dinner, we were eating and Aunt (35F) made kept on making comments about my son not eating enough and told him to enjoy the food and eat. My son was upset and didn't say anything at all. I never said anything too, but later instead told my Mom (the only person who actually listened to me) that we'd be leaving a week early because I didn't like the way my son was being treated by Uncle and Aunt. She was disappointed but respected my decision.

Uncle and Aunt heard us and begged for us to stay longer and that they never knew that he was THIS sensitive about it. I told them perhaps they should have thought about that before commenting on my son's weight for the entire week. And so we went back home and here we are. Friends say that I'm perhaps being too sensitive about their jabs at my son's weight and I think I am starting to see why. AITA?I employ a cleaning lady who clean my flat every Saturday mornings. It used to be this old lady who eventually couldn’t work due to health reasons and therefore recommended her niece Tessa. Niece Tessa doesn’t do as thorough of a job but it’s passable.

Come last weekend before I was going to go out of country. I was up and about the entire time to ensure she did the cleaning well, whilst packing. 

The night before, I wore a pair of cluster diamond earrings that were given to me as a present by my parents last year. I placed them back in a tiny secure box as I usually do after a late night and put them on my bedside. I remember thoroughly putting them inside the box because I hate wearing anything on my ears in bed (I’m easily overly sensitive). 

I came home days after, wanted to wear them again and realized they weren’t in the box. Though I had vivid memories of returning them I started to question my memory. I talked to my sister who often drops by my place to house sit when I’m away if she borrowed them (she hardly borrows my things to be fair and when she does she never fails to ask).

So my sister then revealed that the reason why she doesn’t bring her valuables over was because the last time she did, she lost an expensive bottle of perfume and this was while Tess was cleaning. She also mentioned one time Tess was asking for an “advance” last November (my sister failed to reply and didn’t lend her money).

I also remembered losing a sapphire necklace while she was cleaning—that I left in the pocket of my gym tights—but have chalked it up to irresponsibility.

So I called the old lady asking her for her help to just check if Tessa brought anything home. By this time, I figured despite anyone grilling Tessa whether she did it or not, I wasn’t likely to recover the pair. So I just gave Old Lady the facts and told her I’m not blaming anyone, but it’s lost and if she could check. Old Lady was very angry at Tess as we’ve had a good relationship—I pay her and her niece’s a day’s rate plus lunch for a 3 hour job at most. 

I went to work and later in the day got a barrage of texts from Tess—blocks of 5-8 consecutive messages at this point. Mostly saying she would never do such thing, how my blaming her has made her lost her dignity, then peppered with thank you for constantly helping her, that if I would want to talk... 

I honestly don’t know what to think. I just feel bad for having to terminate the services knowing (1) I have no proof, (2) she needs the money, and (3) though she doesn’t do a thorough job as I’d like, it’s not like she coasts around and does nothing whilst she’s cleaning. 

Aita?First post! 

So my guy works in a distributing warehouse and in the office there a woman works aswell (she does the admin) and it’s only the 2 of them there and occasionally the owner and his wife come in to check on things. She is fairly new let’s say going on to a year but she started bringing him home cooked meals and if she goes out for a bit to run errands she would bring him back takeaway food. He told me about the first time and I thought it was a nice gesture until it became quite frequent maybe 3 times a week. I let him know that I felt uncomfortable and a bit annoyed with him accepting it all the time especially when he’d finish work and not be hungry or come back with his lunch that I’ve made him and he hasn’t even touched it. Of course he told me that I was over reacting and being dramatic. So I stopped making him food for work and sometimes I eat dinner before he gets home which he isn’t happy about and honestly I don’t care because he should tell her not to bring him food so often but if he wants to eat her food so much then I should just worry about myself. I feel he disregarded my feelings so easily and didn’t see the bigger picture. How would you feel? Would you want it to stop?.Obligatory on mobile statements please excuse errors. DV stands for Disabled Veteran it's the same thing as having a disabled placard. (Fair warning it's a long one).

I (35m) am a disabled veteran I don't advertise I am one but I do have my states DV plates that allows me to park in handicapped spaces. They performed a transfemoral amputation in 06 due to combat-related injuries. So I have an endoskeletal prosthesis, you, however, wouldn't know it was there unless I rolled my pant leg up. You especially wouldn't know from looking at me from the waist up. I also have a babyface when clean-shaven.

This morning I had to go to the nightmare that is wally world (Walmart) and was lucky enough to snag one of the close-up handicap parking spaces. I pull in turn off my car and before I can even do anything this elderly woman and her son pull up behind me and start laying on their horn. They were motioning at me so I thought maybe something was wrong with my vehicle and they were trying to signal me so I got out of my car to check with them. 

They roll down their window and the son starts yelling you can't park there that's illegal if your handicapped person isn't with you you need to move. The mother chimes in with this whole shame on you for using someone else's benefits (not verbatim). I say sir I have every right to park here as I am disabled. I pointed to my DV plates to emphasize this. Then he yells (yelling bc of the motor running I assume) even if you have some disability (that tone where they don't believe you) it's pretty clear you have no issues walking what the fuck ever. His mom adds you're younger than me the right thing to do is for you to give up that spot to someone who REALLY needs it. 

Admittedly my temper was starting to get up so I said. Ma'am, sir if you fucking think I broke the law call the fucking cops I will gladly wait for them to sort this fucking shit out. If you don't want to do that then you can fucking pound sand I got here first so fuck off. I leave and go inside thinking it's over. I'm in the store maybe 20 mins when the woman and her son come up with a Walmart security guard and a cop. And they start interrogating me in the aisle asking if I had accosted the lady and her son. I start trying to tell my side of things but son butts in saying he doesn't look disabled at ALL. 

I'd had enough so jerk up my pant leg so they can see the lower part of my prosthesis and say is this disabled enough? The security guard apologizes but adds well you should have just shown them, to begin with instead of being an AH about it. I was so pissed off I just ended up leaving the store, now that I've calmed down maybe I was the AH here but my wife says I wasn't and that security guard and everyone else was in the wrong.

Edit: for context, the cop never spoke to me I assume he was there to make sure things didn't escalate. After the altercation though as I was walking away the cop spoke to the security guard. For all, I know he gave him a come to Jesus talk.

Edit two: To be fair the lady was using a mobility scooter.

Edit: because it keeps coming up. 1.) In my state, DV can park in handicap spots without the hanging placard. It's a state to state thing.

2.) Some days I do have trouble with walking and pain. There is no way to predict what days I will have PLP (phantom limb pains) walking further distances tends to spike it. Then it can last a few seconds, a few minutes, hours. I also have extreme lower back pain that when it gets bad enough I have to use my cane. These things are never entirely alleviated by the shorter distance but it does help.Ok so I am in high school, and at our school we have an internship program where we get connected to internships around the city. So, I applied for a few internships last April, as a junior, and only heard back from one, which I took. So yesterday, I receive an angry email from the lady in charge of the internship program, lets call her M , saying that because I didn't show up for the first day of the internship, I was putting the school in a bad place and breaking a contract, saying that I "requested the opportunity" and saying that she sent me 8 emails about it. So, apparently, this December, 8 months after I applied, M started emailing me about the program and saying that I was accepted asking me to confirm my acceptance. However, after 3 months of hearing nothing after I applied, I stopped checking my junk box for email from her, which is where all of her 8 emails went in December. When I told her this M said "You made the effort to apply and requested the opportunity. You put us in a compromising position with the employer. Your seat was reserved and the employer committed to you and expected you to be present."

&#x200B;

She also said "your principal is aware that you did not respond to me or the employer. As a student, it is your responsibility to check, verify and communicate with the district and the employers that you applied to directly"

&#x200B;

I'm so scared that I'm going to get in trouble for not showing up, and I need a principal recommendation letter for my scholarships in college. AITA and am I screwed for getting that scholarship?I am 15M. I have two stepbrothers,  16M (Kyle) and 12M (Derek). My mom has been married to Kyle and Derek's dad for 8 years now. Kyle and Derek used to spend every other week here with their Dad.

 Last year their mom got a job in another state Kyle and Derek got to choose if they wanted to go with her or stay with their dad, and they chose to go (Kyle wanted to go because he wanted to live in the big city, and Derek wanted to be with Kyle). They moved last summer, and come back here for school breaks, so they were here for Christmas. And they're coming for Spring Break.

However, my friend invited two of us to go to Portugal with his family during Spring Break - they have a house there. I would only have to pay for my plane ticket. I really want to go. I've never been to Europe or on a trip with friends, and spending a week in Portugal with my two best friends sounds great. 

My mom thinks I should stay home because my brothers are coming and its a chance for us to spend 'family time'. I told her I think its unfair that I have be stuck here and cant go, because my stepbrothers decided to move away. After a couple days she changed her mind (i think my stepdad talked to her) and said I could make my own decision. So I said i'm going. She reminded me that they won't be here again until July, meaning I won't see them until July. I said ok, I still want to go, so she gave in and bought my ticket last weekend. 

Anyway tonight my stepdad was talking to Derek on facetime, and Derek was crying. I asked whats wrong - and he was upset because he found out that im not going to be home for spring break and he wants to see me. I told him Summer will be here soon and I'll see him then. My mom gave me one of those disappointed looks after hearing what was going on. And now Kyle is mad that I didnt tell him myself, that he had to hear from Derek that I'm going away. Which honestly, i think Kyle being mad about anything right now is bullshit. 

it feels like everyone is mad at me right now except my stepdad, but maybe he is as well and is just hiding it. So reddit, am i being an asshole by wanting to go away when my stepbrothers come back for spring break?I started a diet about a month and a half ago.  Keto ftw I’m a Reddit basic bitch (I’m a dude but reddit made me do it).  I’ve been successful and my oldest daughter (16) wanted to join in.   I told her I would *help* her and have given her all the same resources that I have used.  There’s cookbooks, apps, fucking reddit—but you know what I get?  Dad please plan every meal and snack that I put in my mouth and I will put forth no effort at all except to complain about what I can’t eat (because she knows what she *cant* eat but has no idea what she can eat).  She is not a child and knows how to cook and bake and is good at it!!  She used to cook stuff all the time and we’d come home to recipes she’s tried; come home to cookies she’s found a recipe for.  She is in no way dependent on my wife and I as parents to cook or make her meals and she has no problem making whatever she wants when she’s hungry. 

But since joining me on the diet she acts like she has the dumbs.  I’m like I’m happy to make whatever you want—FIND something.  Don’t complain when you do nothing and get stuck with whatever I make.  I’ve meal prepped for the week and she doesn’t want to play any part in it.  So tonight she got served normal dinner (yeah I cook two separate dinners—normal food for my wife and other daughter, the picky ones lol) along with everyone else and complained that she couldn’t eat rice.  It was chicken curry and it was banging by the way per everyone else.  I had my own dinner. 

So, am I the asshole for putting her back on “normal” food because I’m kinda bitter that she just wants to diet but not participate?

Edit:  I’ve decided that I’m a little bit of both from the answers so far.  Me and my daughter have a great relationship and talk all the time, and I think I just need to realize that she still a kid and she has plenty of other stress in her life to worry about meal planning.  If I want more help I should be more inclusive and make her cook with me—or I should stop cooking so damn good lol.Out of our immediate team of \~15 people under my supervisor, there are ladies - Alice, Mary and me. Mary was here long before me, and I've been here almost two years. We have both been subject to sexist remarks about our gender from most of the team, and my supervisor has been particularly er handsy with me and constantly makes comments about what he thinks I'm good for outside of work.

I've put up with it thus far because a) I've been trying to get another job in my field, but I'm not able to find a similar job and b) this job pays really well and provides great benefits. I'm also trying to transfer to a different team in the company but no dice.

So back to the current situation. Alice just joined the team 3 months back, and like me she is also young. Two months in, she pulled me aside to about my experiences with supervisor. And I gave her an abridged version.

Now it turns out that Alice would like to report supervisor and has asked me to support her by also letting HR know what supervisor did to me.  I am not comfortable doing so though, as I would like to keep my job and would rather not talk about everything in great detail (heard that I would need to give exact dates, situations, my reactions etc.). I'm not sure HR would do anything anyway, as some of the comments have been made in front of our HR rep.

I told her that I'm willing to let HR know that I've no reason to believe she is lying, but I think she is scared that it is a he-said-she-said situation and wants me to back her up. Mary apparently is no help as she only experienced the sexism but not the other parts of it.

 Alice and Mary now both think I'm an asshole for betraying women and that I'm as bad as my supervisor, but am I really wrong to want to keep what happened to me private?

AITA?Quick edit to address common questions- 6:45 - 7:15 am is my typical blender operating time, I don’t use any ice in my smoothies, and we do not share any walls, the apartments are separated by a hallway 

So, every morning for breakfast I make a smoothie in my blender. It’s easier, healthier, and faster and tastier than cooking so I much prefer it. It’s a regular old Oster Blender.

We just got a new neighbor in the apartment across the hall. We hadn’t spoken until one morning she intercepts me as I’m leaving for work. She seems like the very fussy type and he talks really fast. She introduces herself and asks me my name and asks if we can talk. I said sure, and she tells me very quickly that my blender is insanely loud every morning and told me I need to stop using it, before I could even say anything or apologize she turns around and walks back inside. 

I’m driving to work and thinking “I’ve been doing this for five years now, and no ones said anything, and it seems pretty quiet even inside”. So after work I decide to test it out. I turn on the blender and walk outside my apartment and close the door and it’s a barely audible hum. I can’t even imagine how much quieter it is after going through another wall, so I decide I’m just gonna keep doing what I’m doing. 

I make my breakfast like normal and two days later as I’m leaving for work she intercepts me again. She asks me why I didn’t listen to her and I explained that I don’t feel the noise is unreasonable and that two days ago I tested it myself and stood in this very spot and could barely hear it, so I can’t imagine how it’s insanely loud in her apartment. 

She starts threatening me that it’s my last chance to listen to her before she goes to management and I tell her that I actually would like management to be involved, this seems like a situation where we need a third party to determine if I’m making an unreasonable amount of noise and if they say I am, I’m happy to stop. This was four days ago and I haven’t heard anything the girl or management. AITA?I’m an American au pair living in a European country. The country I work in only allows au pairs to work a maximum of 25 hours per week, in order to allow time for learning the language and exploring the country, etc. When I was interviewing with my host family, they mentioned that they ask their au pair to work a few extra hours, and in exchange they’re more generous than average with pocket money. It seemed like a good deal, and they seemed like really nice people, so I went with it. 

I’ve been here for a few months now and my standard weekly hours are around 38-42. They do pay me overtime when I exceed that, but I feel like as a baseline that’s way more than the couple extra hours we had discussed, and the money isn’t that much more than average. (For reference, the legal minimum they can pay is €80; I make €125. The other au pairs I know work around 20-25 hours and make €100-120, so even though I do almost double the work I’m not making anything close to double.) 

I’m starting to get really frustrated with the arrangement because I feel like I’m a full-time employee and not an au pair. If they were paying a nanny to work my same hours, they’d be spending thousands per month. I recently brought this up with my host mom and she said she’s willing to talk about it more, but she feels like the rate I’m receiving is “pretty standard” and that we’re “functioning as agreed initially.” But I never agreed to be full time! I thought when they said “a few extra hours” they meant 3 or 5, not nearly 15. 

I have a contract that states the amount that I’m paid and that I am to work 25 hours a week. (They put this because they knew it was the legal maximum and that my visa would get denied if they put more, and also potentially so I wouldn’t realize how much work was actually expected of me until I arrived.) Would I be the asshole for saying that unless they start paying me closer to what they’d have to pay for a full-time nanny, I’m only willing to work my contracted hours?TL:DR long time friend is pissed bc I bought my future SA from a breeder and didn't adopt. I told her to stay in her lane or kick f*cking rocks.

Alright before the pitchforks come out please let me explain.

I (33f) am disabled, I have a lot of mental and some limited medical issues. My doctor, psychiatrist, and therapist have been suggesting for years that I get a SA(service animal) for over a year now to help me be able to rejoin society and live life again. I've considered being on the lists for SA's but decided against it as I feel others have a greater need than I do, the service through them is free and though I can't afford the money to buy one already trained which is around 15k-30k there are still people worse off than myself. So I and my BF (35m) decided to take 3rd option of training a SA ourselves. The main reason why we decided this is bc my BF and his business partner train working dogs. They're actually starting to pick up some small government contracts.

We initially went to a cpl of shelters in our area but decided against the dogs they had for a few reasons and settled on a breeder. Why? Bc the breeder is reputable, we know the temperament of the breed of the SA we are getting, and this particular breeder has had many of it's previous liters become SAs. We found [Hoss](https://ibb.co/2g222cC) who is a Belgian Malinois. We still have to wait a bit to take him home but are super excited so I, of course, shared this news with my friend "A". 

As I was showing A the pic she asked which shelter I was adopting from and I told her we weren't we were getting Hoss from a breeder and explained why. A lost her shit going on a whole rant about how I was contributing to the dog population issues, the puppy mills, and everything else that goes along with that. I tell A that look if I were getting a pet or ESA and not a SA I would adopt but I'm getting a SA it's different. She keot insisting we hadn't looked hard enough. Finally, after back and forth that went on for a while (and why I may be the AH) I threw up my hands and said JFC A I get it I do but you need to stay in your f*cking lane here you don't know anything about SAs or what my specific needs are either accept our decision or kick f*cking rocks. 

A and I haven't talked for a few days, my bf is on my side here but a few mutual friends say I'm being ridiculous over a dog that I need to see her side of it and try harder to find a dog from a shelter.I [19F] love my best friend [20F] to pieces. But, she has a habit of self-diagnosing herself with every mental health disorder known to man. She tells everyone that she is diagnosed with: depression, anxiety, PTSD, bipolar disorder, and OCD, just to name a few. She talks about her different disorders often and asks me for advice on how to lessen their effects on her life. 

One time when she asked me this, I asked when the last time she went to the psychiatrist for a psychiatric evaluation was, and she said that she’s never been to a psychiatrist. When I asked how she got diagnosed with all of these illnesses, she said that she went to the student health services at our university and they "diagnosed" her using questionnaires. When I asked to see the documentation they gave her, she said that she didn't receive any. 

Having diagnosed anxiety and depression myself, I know that diagnosing any mental health disorders is much more complicated than filling out a few questionnaires.

So, Reddit, would I be an asshole for not believing that my friend has all of these mental illnesses until she has legit documentation?

EDIT: For those saying that I’m TA for asking my friend for documentation, I take mental health disorders very seriously and don’t think that terms like PTSD and BPD are ones to be thrown around. Of course I listen to my friend and give her advice on how to deal with her personal issues, but the fact that she is saying that she is diagnosed with all of these illnesses that she is not is the issue. There is no doubt that she has baggage, but I believe that she should be properly diagnosed by a medical professional before she uses these terms.My nan was cooking me chicken drumsticks for dinner when I had to go do a chord that was a lot of hard work my food had a good solid hour left before cooked so I would've been there in time before they were clocked fully. When I got back I found them out so I assumed that they were cooked so I asked her to put them on a plate as she always does when they're cooked. She said they were not cooked so I asked why they were out she said it was do my sister can cook a cake I shout that this is ridiculous. AITASo around September 2017 me and my mother moved to the US, but due to passport issues my father could not join us. 

Now, my childhood was not happy by any means, and neither of my parents are very good people, so when an opportunity came to not talk to one of them ever again, I took it.

Last time I even attempted to call my father was in July 2019, and I don't even think he answered. AITA?For quick clarity: I (20F) am not transgender, and I respect the LGBTQ+ community. I identify biologically as a female, and look very much like one save for short hair and height. 

I decided to change my name at high school graduation to a more unisex name. Now that I’m in college, all of my friends/coworkers/teachers call me as such with no issue. It adds 2 letters to my birth name. That’s all. (For example: Changing Alexandria to just Alex. It’s obviously not quite the same, but it gets the point across) Anyways, My family has put up a huge fight. Some say the name change is ugly, the it adds to my “gender-confusion” (which, again, I’ve expressed multiple times to them I am not transgender), that my preferred name is a boys name only and that my birth name is beautiful and I shouldn’t disrespect my parents. 

So come my birthday, many of family members asked what I wanted, and I said that I want them to use my preferred name. And to make a long story short: they were incredibly upset and blamed ME for ruining MY birthday because I brought up “a hot topic”. So I told them all, very politely, that I am very hurt by their decision and ultimately respect it, but due to this I am cutting myself off from the family. “A simple matter shouldn’t mean so much to me” they say. But I turn it around and say that such a small simple change shouldn’t be such an issue for them. AITA??I live in a neighborhood where houses that occupy large plots of land are being bought up by developers who build tightly packed multi-floor townhouses. Around the corner from my house two are being built. At first there were permits posted when the sidewalk was closed and street parking was unavailable. As the construction has progressed permits are not posted, signs are not put up as to whether or not the sidewalk is closed, and sometimes it can be hard to tell if construction is going on.

That being said, sometimes on weekdays and the weekends the sidewalk is open and it looks like no one is working, but electrical cables are strewn over the sidewalks. Also, even though no one is parked in an area indicating a worker, I've come across some tossing things out of a window instead of walking it down (small things). Sometimes they are also running low-lying cables from a vehicle to the site, or larger tools are left out.

I work in a job that is frequently trained in using PPE (personal protective equipment), such as hard hats, safety glasses, composite-toed boots, etc., and I've noticed that many of these workers are not wearing any of that. I'm not sure what the rules are regarding construction on private property, but I would think some of these things are always required (hello hard hat!). 

My dilemma is I feel like I need to report this, but it's not the fault of the worker for not following the rules; it is the responsibility of the construction company/contractor. While I don't want to cut off a source of income, as I know they're all just trying to make a living in an expensive city, safety is important. Also I'm not sure if some of the workers are legitimately employed (not legal citizens).

So WIBTA if I reported this to the city, which would trigger an investigation?

If it helps, my city has a ton of construction going on, but unless you are in a union finding construction/engineering work is a struggle.I’m a sophomore in college. My school (it’s a small, selective and academically inclined liberal arts college, so there isn’t much partying as opposed to the study grind. The school itself is also really opposed to frats/sororities for some reason) doesn’t have much in the way of parties, so I saw an opportunity to capitalize off of it. It’s a small school, and I generally know most people, so I know that quite a few of the people here would be willing to pay to get into parties.

So what I did was rented out a space near campus and started throwing parties, charging 30 dollars per person (the rent is hella cheap, and besides that it’s BYOB, so profit margins are high). Problem is, guy-girl ratios are really wack, which is bad because most guys who go to parties at least partially are there to get laid. This hurt the amount of people that showed up, so to incentivize girls to show up, I made the following policy:

- (this policy is in place until there are 50 girls inside, then everybody has to pay)

- If you’re a girl, you get in free

- If you’re a group of guys and girls with at least a 33/66 ratio (for example, 2 guys, 4 girls), you get 50% off

Most people are down with this, and the number of girls showing up increased drastically. However, there are a few guys who think our policies are ‘sexist and unfair’. 

I don’t agree that I’m the TA, since I’m just running a business and doing what it takes to make it profitable.

AITA?This guy in my class I’m kind of friends with was talking about how sick he was and basically was like “I’m gonna need you to do the hw for this week since I’m sick.”

First of all, just bc he is sick doesn’t mean I’m gonna do all the hw in our class and give it to him. I basically ignore this request and then like the day before it was due he goes “can you send me x”

It was a 1 point assignment and I just said yeah bc it wasn’t worth much. Well I was trying to tell him how to do it and he replies “I’m not dumb.”

So then I left him on read and never sent it.

AITA?Obviously a throw away, let's call theum B,my friend B is messaging me saying things like people are out to get them (B has had severe mental health issues for a while) after an hour of messaging and not being able to get B to contact anyone I contacted non emergency myself, I have explained everything to them and they have taken Bs number so they can call B to find out what's happening. I warned B they would be calling, and now B is saying I've put their life in danger, and I'm clearly not a true friend to call them that I am one of "them" trying to kill B. AITA for calling them? Because I feel like it right nowMy brother has Autism and doesn’t drive. My dad usually drives him to his non paying job and had accidentally scheduled a dentist appointment for that exact time. So he asked me to drop everything a drive my brother to his job and lose my pay. (The person I work for leaves home at a certain time so I have to go over before then and every time I cancel I lose that days pay). My brother doesn’t get paid nor is he expected to pay my mom $200 a month like I have to and I can’t really miss a pay day because I only make so much. AITA?I'm in college right now and there is two eatery places. One's a buffet with unlimited food/drink whatever all day. It costs one meal swipe to get in and you can't leave or you have to swipe again (they have no bathrooms inside).

My roommate and i have awfully busy schedules with many 3 hour classes everyday. This makes getting food difficult plus the eatery places close at bad times-- like 8pm when i get out of class at 9pm.

One day a week we go to the buffet and fill up our bags with chips. We each take like 3-6. This way during the week we can eat the chips for snacks during our class or if we get hungry. 

Because of college life people and our RAs always encourage us to find ways to get the best out of the meal plans because we have to pay for them, so might as well use our swipes. They always say get extra fruit, chips whatever.

Anyway today my roommate and i were at the buffett and each took 2-3 bags of chips. We always do this and no students care, but one worker lady started yelling at us. She stated we can each only take one and that we were basically ruining the meal for the gluten free kids? There are multiple stations catered for gluten free people and vegan people etc. Plus my ROOMMATE IS GLUTEN FREE. she didn't even ask just kept yelling.

we didnt want to start a fight to we each just took one today. then we overheard her talking to her coworker saying that she had to refill them and basically we were just making her job harder. Her coworker disagreed saying she had no right to be rude and cause a scene for no reason. But the lady insisted its hard to refill the chips.

Its not like we are going to a dinner buffet and stealing their shrimps in our purses. Its a university college and we are just taking chips we technically already paid forUsing a burner account. My partner (26F) and myself (26M) have been together for a year now. We’re very compatible and have a great time together. Since we met after I made a move cross country and up ended my life (not for her but for a career change, I met her after I moved) it’s been pretty intense. We’re open, we’ve both talked about it and determined the rules of our relationship.  Things have been back and forth a bit. I got laid off and have  been on UI for the last few months and she has dealing with some heavy mental health issues but we always were open with each other and try to support each other. 

Before VDay weekend I had made plans at a nice restaurant and to go to do one of her favorite activities. She tells me she never cared for v day and she would like to go to an event instead. At first I was like “No, that’s wild,” but after the realization that she really hadn’t had a chance to make friends like this for a while I put my feelings aside and said it was cool. To make up for it we made a plan to do something else. Fast forward to Vday and I’m late to that. It’s a big argument, she lets loose that she’s hates my financial situation and me being unable to keep my word. Fair enough, I acknowledge her grievances and that I’m wrong in the situation. We hash it out. The next week a freelancing client of mine can’t come through with a payment which screws my finances. Our anniversary is in March and we were planning a trip to her hometown. I had to drop out, I don’t have the money. There’s a massive fight and I don’t hear from her for days. When we do talk I come to find out that she slept with a man that she had been seeing before we met. Normally I wouldn’t give a fuck. I get being mad and stepping out and in the context of our situation it’s not inherently wrong. One of our rules though, and one that she had us put into effect, was that we won’t deal with people who we knew prior to meeting each other. She didn’t hide it but she tells me she doesn’t regret it, and that she can’t promise that it won’t happen again. I call bullshit on the whole situation, explain that I didn’t care about this rule and that it’s fucked up for her to basically say that it’s a rule for me and not for her. We end up getting rid of the rule in a renegotiation and things seem okay. I’m still hurt but I figure we can work through it. 

Later that night and we go hang out at a bar. The bartender happens to be someone who is a friend of the man that she slept with and whom I’ve never met. She introduces me as her friend. When we get back she tells me it was a slip of the tounge. I tell her it seems like she’s trying to hide me from the other dude and it’s the shady movements that accompany it that bother me. She tells me that I’m an asshole for accusing her of cheating. And sure I could be reading too much into it. Tell me reddit, AITA?Would I be the asshole if I moved back home, I (F18) am on two minds here, my dad left when I was about 7 with his wife, they moved across the world “to give me a better life“. I never seen this “better life “ from him and I’ve grown up with no financial support from him or without us having a close relationship we just talked every few weeks and seen each other like 3 times since he left . now he told me he wants me to come live with him and his wife in his country so he can make up for all he’s missed, I consider myself to be an adult and completely independent, I’ve been saving money/working for a while and just went travelling with that money on a break year so I spent basically it all except the savings I keep for absolute emergency. I made it very clear to my dad that I have no money but he says he’ll pay for everything I need/I can get a job once I get my visa. I moved to him and now I have things to pay for but no money. I can’t work till I get my visa and that’s gonna take 2+ months so I’m currently on a tourist visa . I need to go to the doctor and he keeps saying he’ll pay when he gets the chance, I’ve reminded him way too many times and I feel like such a burden asking? but even small things for eg I don’t have enough to buy razors & hair conditioner etc and I’ve asked him for money and he keeps saying he‘ll give me cash later then not doing it? Wibta if I left and went back home basically over money ? He hasn’t given me anything since I got here and we haven’t gone out once , I literally don’t do anything all day except go to the beach / gym as I have no money. 

Another situation is his wife said she has a hairdresser as a friend who can dye my hair for me and they booked my appointment then cancelled it and said they realized “it isn’t worth 100$ and I should ask my mum to pay“ I didn’t even ask for them to pay for my hair but it hurt my feelings that they said it wasn’t worth it as it’s literally the first thing they’ve done for me since I got here?  Btw it’s not that he has no money because he does


- I was stressed writing this I don’t know why the title is cut off as my plans aren’t to just leave and cut him off I meant more that wibta if I left the countrythrow away account. 

like the title says I (30m) am the owner of a fairly popular biker bar that has open mic nights for bands to play. my younger cousin (20f) has started a band a while back and has been begging me to play my bar, the thing is while they are a really good group they play pop music, while I personally don't mind it. The type of men and women who drink here would definitely do not. while they are an amazing bunch of lads and lasses there not the type to sit and listen to pop music, we mostly play metal rock and grunge bands and the one time we did try a pop band they didn't last 5 minutes before they got booed off. 

My aunt and uncle (her mum and dad) says that I should let her play as family is family, and family should come first. and that 'Oh they'll love her group' (trust me they won't.) my Cousin even asked could she play there if her band learned some rock/metal songs, I also said I didn't think it would be a good idea for you dear reader just think of bucks fizz trying to sing  Eluveitie's rose for Epona (youtube them if you don't know them) and you get where i'm coming from

 I do love my cousin and I so want to see her and her band goes far but it's my bar and I know my customers, I know full well just how rough and tumble it can get in there, they would eat her group alive. I have even offered to put in a word with a fellow bar owner where her style of music would be welcomed with open arms but NOPE they want to play my bar.) her brothers (23 and 25) see my side even my 88-year-old grandad can see it's a bad idea just not my cousin and her mum/dad, they bring it up at every family gathering and my uncle is even trying to put it into my cousins mind to just show up on open mic no warning as 'Well what are you going to do? kick your poor cousin out of your bar?'

so dear Redditers AITA?I am an assistant professor at a university with an office on the ninth floor of a building. I hold regular meetings with graduate assistants, and they are expected to attend unless they have a really good excuse. Failure to attend results in less involvement in research projects. This system is common here, and I must abide by it to maintain the respect of my department. 

Today, unfortunately, the elevator is out of order. My assistant had surgery three weeks ago and has a brace. She asked if we could meet in a lower floor communal area. There are people who walk in and out of there, and I feel like it would be too distracting. I told her that meetings are always in my office, as planned, and unless she had a statement from a physician that she could not go up the stairs, I would not change the location or cancel the meeting. I have no doubt that she can make it up the stairs, it would just take her longer than usual. She could arrive at the building earlier.

Apparently she complained to the department head. I talked to her (the head), and she said that it is my right to hold meetings wherever I find them appropriate. However, she also said, and I quote, "it seems like a dick move." I was taken aback at the inappropriate language from my head, and I am considering filing a complaint against her with the ombudsman. Sounds like someone who will seek retaliation if she is so quick to make gender-based slurs against people. I do not think I will file a Title IX claim against her, but that is not off the table. I told her I did not appreciate her words, and she said, "Just consider what I said. You can require the meeting where you would like." 

I did require it in my office. My assistant made it up. She did not seem to be in any more pain as normal. We had the meeting. I reminded her that I allowed her three weeks off of meetings, which is a big deal to me. I expected her next week whether or not the elevator is repaired. This is an inconvenience to me, as well. I am not a big fan of walking up nine flights of stairs in dress shoes, but I have to do it. 

A colleague of mine told me he would have just met her downstairs, but he did not think I made a "dick move." Another colleague told me that she would have never done what I did. I feel like they might be talking about me behind my back. Hopefully it is not the department head spreading rumors, but I will surely find out. 

I would like your opinions on my behavior but also on the behavior of my department head, as I think most would agree that even if what I did was unconventional, what she did was much worse. Thank you in advance.TL;DR at bottom
i’m  a teenager so i will probably sound bratty or obnoxious but this is really frustrating for me. 

mom is very strict about electronics. she has restrictions on my phone that turns it off at midnight and locks all the apps (no password, just have to manually turn the apps back on) and the majority of my friends are online thanks to social anxiety and a shitty school. 
today back home from school i asked her if she could take the restrictions off my phone, considering my birthday is coming up and i’m getting older and all that. of course she said no. i asked her why and she mentioned an “inappropriate” joke i made with a friend and i went silent because i knew if i kept on arguing with her about it i’d end up giving her the silent treatment and crying out of anger and frustration. she went back to work so i worked up the courage to send her this message:

“i get that you’re worried and stuff but i don’t think it’s all that fair for you to go through my phone without my permission and expect me to still trust you and the fact that i still have the restrictions even though they don’t do anything at all is just really irritating and makes me trust you even less so i don’t know what you want me to tell you”

she proceeded to tell me that i have to give her trust first before i can trust her, but i don’t think trust should work like that, especially in a parent child relationship. 
she then mentioned that u put out inappropriate things onto the internet that are all jokes. she then told me that that’s not how normal teens act. i told her that things are different from when she was a teenager, and all she had to say to that was “um, no.” i went into further explanation but she continued to disagree with me. i told her to ask my brother (about 4 years old than me) and she hasn’t responded to that message and we haven’t spoken since
TL;DR: mom and i are fighting about trust and “inappropriate” jokesMy fiancé and I flat with 4 people. I lived here first with one existing flatmate, & fiancé(M)  moved in 1&1/2 years ago. At the start of last year, two of his best friends moved in. Few months later, another of fiancé’s friends moved in (J).  

When M suggested his friends move in, I said yes on the condition that he’d be the one to talk to them if there were any issues in the house because I didn’t want to be the nagging partner stereotype, and damage my own relationships with them. 

It’s a small house for 6 people, so important we keep on top of our chores. Everyone agreed upon the chores and the schedule together. But J never contributes. 

We’ve tried to accomodate him and make it easier for him but no success. He openly says ‘I know I’m the worst with chores’ and does nothing to rectify it. He denies any wrongdoing whenever my fiancé brings it up with him.  It’s now damaging their friendship. 

It’s gotten to the point where he’s decided I’m the issue for expecting him to do his share. 

I was super warm with him when he first moved in as I wanted to make sure I had a good relationship with J for my fiancé, I lent him a bed when he didn’t have one, helped him with a few things. But since his chores have gotten worse, so has his attitude towards me.

He’s deliberately cold towards me and completely blanks me when we’re around eachother solo. If the others are around he’ll just ignore me or divert conversations to exclude me. Generally, I avoid him now because it makes me feel pretty crap. 

My fiancé and I have talked about it & he’s at the end of his rope just even trying to get J to do his chores. It’s causing fights between us, which hurts because neither of us are really the issue - it’s J’s disrespectful behaviour. 

Fiancé doesn’t want to deal with it anymore & I don’t know what else to do - whenever I ask J to do something, he blanks me. Whenever other flatmates ask him, he says he’ll get round to it & never does. 

The last straw came when J invited himself to a festival that just fiancé & I are going to alone without any of the rest of the flat (which is rare, usually everyone comes, but we’ve been pretty low key about going as we wanted to do it without a huge group for once). 

I’ve told fiancé that if J comes, he’ll ice me out all day & ruin my time. I’ve basically said if he comes, I’m going with my friends instead as I don’t wanna waste my day with someone who deliberately makes me feel like shit. Fiancé is upset, he wants us to get along but doesn’t want to talk to J about it as he’s worried J will blow up & it will ruin their already strained friendship. 

AITA for not wanting him to come to the festival?

TLDR: fiancé’s friend moved into flat w/us, friend is lazy & disrespectful, invites himself to festival with fiancé & I - I don’t want him to come. AITA?My wife is now in her mid to late second trimester. The entire pregnancy, she has all but refused to go see a doctor. This is partly because of some bad experiences she had when she was younger (a doctor didn't believe her about pain she was having in a knee and she further injured it afterwards; another doctor prescribed her medication with absolutely terrible side effects; etc.). Mostly, I would personally attribute it to the fact that she has been completely and totally indoctrinated by those god damn mommy Facebook groups, specifically one with a "free birth" movement that advocates against anything to do with hospitals, medicine, and doctors. The only time we have gone to see a doctor was to confirm the pregnancy and do blood tests and the sort. We have not been since.

She is now experiencing severe nausea and vomiting. As well as bleeding out of her vagina, really bad back pain, and very frequent urination, and a variety of other worrisome symptoms. I have begged, begged and begged for her to go see a doctor who can help her deal with these problems. I have pleaded, got on my knees and begged. Every time she dismisses me and retreats further into her echo chamber. I have gotten her own family to try to change her mind but she just is not having it. I tried to take her for a drive somewhere, with the intent of tricking her into seeing her doctor but when we arrived at the clinic she lost her shit and demanded we turned around. As a last resort, I logged into our internet router as an administrator and blocked FaceBook, Twitter, and Instagram, which is all where she gets her propaganda. I then changed the admin password so that she wouldn't be able to remove the restriction. I figured this would be effective because she's stay-at-home now, and doesn't really go anywhere unless I drive her there or she takes an Uber or a cab. 

She is now accusing me of being controlling and making decisions for her, when I am doing this for her own good. I realize that this won't fix the problem by itself but hopefully it can get her on the right track to doing what she needs to do. I believe that this is for the greater good and I'm trying all I can do to convince her to do the right thing before she or our unborn child gets seriously harmed. I mean its not like I can put her in handcuffs and involuntarily commit her to a hospital, otherwise I would have done so by now.

I have zero intention of removing the restriction until she a) sees the light or b) gives birth.I've been working a job as a barista for several months now and up till now it's been a nice job to help me get through college. Recently, I had come down with the flu, fever, had diarrhea and was throwing up (sorry for TMI). I called in sick the day of my shift since that's when the symptoms started. She made me call and text people for hours to get coverage for my shift, time that could've been spent going to a doctor or resting. In the end, no one wanted to take my shift last second and she made me come to work anyways. 
Another time, I had to suddenly take my husband to the ER to find out he was anemic, bleeding from his stomach, and in need of a blood transfusion. I had no sleep the whole night in the ER and was concerned about his condition. Same story, couldn't get coverage, was forced to come in. 
After some research a few nights ago, I found out that she's actually breaking policy which states that in cases of sudden onset illness or family emergencies that cannot be forseen, it is her job as the manager to get coverage for my shift and I am not forced to come to work. 
So, I sent an official complaint to corporate. I'm also in the first trimester of my pregnancy which has destroyed my health and I don't want to deal with needing to call in sick, so I've decided to give in my two weeks notice. 
Here is the "asshole part": would I be the ass hole if I handed her a printed copy of the specific policy to her along with my resignation and confront her about the policy and let her know that I made a complaint to corporate? lFor context, I (21M) live 12 hours away from the rest of my family. I'm never able to visit for more than a week, but I had a surgery done here recently and am spending a month recovering from it because I couldn't do it on my own. I am staying with my mom.

&#x200B;

  I have 3 older siblings (23F, 28F, 32M), and my father lived with us up until I was 16, at which time he left mom less than 2 weeks after her mom passed away. He didn't tell anybody, didn't say where he was going, and made my mom tell all of us this. He never apologized for this, to any of us. Obviously, things have been rocky since then at best. They were already pretty bad before this, but that's another post entirely. When I come home, since it's always brief, I hardly ever see him. He doesn't reach out, and I feel it's his job to try, since after all, he is my father. 

&#x200B;

 About a month and a half ago, he called me and apologized for what he did when I was 16, and in the same breath, told me that he was now dating his caretaker for a few months, but it was "not that serious". Since then, I've found out that they are living together (his idea), and that she left behind her child (18F) to live with my father. I didn't accept the apology as I felt he was only saying it to soften the blow of dating this woman.  

&#x200B;

Now that I'm home, he's given his girlfriend my number without asking me, and she's been texting me to come have lunch with her, him, or them. I have free time to do this, but no desire to. I know my dad, and he only wants to look good in front of her. It's embarrassing for him, I'm sure, but I've repeatedly said I would rather not do this, and it's been several times and she won't stop asking. I feel sick to my stomach when I see either of them, but I can't help but feeling like TA. 

&#x200B;

My dad has hurt me more than I can put into words, but he's called me a few times now, insisting that I have lunch, that it's unfair if I don't since I have time.  I can barely stand being around him/them for a few minutes, let alone an entire lunch.. AITA? Should I be giving them a chance?Last night I went on a date with a girl I met through a friend. We hit it off well so I asked for her number, we text a bit and then agreed to meet. 

A couple of hours into the date she hit me with the awkward question "what was it about me that made you ask me out?" I'm an honest kind of guy and usually do well in coming across with humour at times like this, so I just said "decent bangers, like."

She flipped and called me a misogynistic pig. I asked what was wrong with that and she said "clearly all you see in me is a pair of tits." I tried to explain that it wasn't the case, although admitted that yes they were the first things I noticed. Because they're huge.

She called me a big jawed cunt with weird eyebrows and said she was going to tell everyone how much of a scum I was. I decided to be the bigger man and kept silent until we got outside and I told her she should be proud of her tits as they're the only attractive part of her. She then spat on me so I gave her the middle finger and told her she can go and fuck off into the night.

I think things escalated because of the alcohol. Our mutual friend inboxed me today saying I'm a piece of shit that shouldn't be allowed near women. AITA?1st post on Reddit lets go! I've been best friends with Josh (fake name) for 4 years. Most problems were usually caused by; a friend saying something slightly negative about him, or a new friend in the group spreads rumors to cause drama and Josh takes their side. He took my side sometimes even when I was wrong, and always felt bad when I got him a gift for his bday (he got me a gift once). We'd be on the phone most nights for 3+ hours asking me for dating or tech advice. I'd almost do a speech of advice. He'd wouldn’t act on much I said.

There's two smaller groups in our friend group; One who's been friends for years and works to save money and enjoy the simple life. One that has been friends for less than 2 years likes to go out and spend more to enjoy life. Josh has been favoring the second group, up for spending hundreds just to escape life, and has been on dating apps, but seemed to find tiny reasons to not continue dating each girl (ex.wearing comfortable/casual clothes to a fancy mall).

For the past month Josh and I had planned to drive down to FL and stay at his relative's place with my gf and another friend. One day he called me to say he can't go with us, hung up soon after. My gf and I called the other friend and in an hour we had planned a roadtrip around a neighboring state. Josh called said he's now going to FL with family and will meet up with us down there. expecting us to still be going down to FL.

I said I would consider both plans for a couple days, to calm him down. The next day the other friend and I hung out while Josh worked. Later met up at Josh's. The other friend got there before me and said I definitely wasn't gonna go to FL.

This REALLY set him off, going on a tyrant accusing me of backing out of all his plans (ex. trip to LA in an AirBNB for like $400/night cause it's owned by a member of LMFAO), manipulating our friends, being a crappy friend, etc. He called me some REAL bad names (through school I was bullied physically, emotionally, socially, and VERBAL). He wasn't gonna listen and just wanted me to react so he can have a clean conscious playing the victim. I did not respond, only kindly asked if he wanted me to leave.

I stayed up all night w/some first group friends talking about Josh. Who texted me to tell me not to try to contact him, later text me asking if i saw how horrible my actions were. I decided to listen to his original text. Since then he's called me once and texted me about how he's so hurt how I went "behind his back" and changed "his" plans.

In his last text, he claimed it was behind him but he'd lost respect for me. He worded it so any way I answer would seem like I'm crawling back. It's been two days since his last text and I still haven't answered but am having a random, small party with the first friend group, and ROADTRIP.

TLDR: 4 year"Best Friend" accuses me of manipulating friends into changing “his” plan. Texts me, to get me to come "crawling back" to him. I'm not responding.This sounds like a clear and cut NTA, however all the other classmates seem to think the opposite... [there’s like fifteen of us]

So, our professor in college has a team-presentation; which counts towards the final grades. It’s marked as followed;
1. Class grade (where all students mark out of /5) 
2. Teammate grade (where your two other teammates mark out of /5)
3. Professor mark (where the professor marks out of /10)
to accumulate into a possible 20 marks. You, in addition, receive a breakdown, so you can see where you dropped (professor, teammates, or students.)

Alright, so in the class message group, the students all decided to mark each other 5’s and 10’s for their teammates, so everyone could get a grade boost. I disagreed, but said nothing.

On the day of the presentations, I marked fairly. Due to the low quality of the presentations, most got a 1 or a 2. In addition, I felt like my teammates slacked, so they both got a 3.

They narc’ed, and confessed that I was the reason the students didn’t get perfect scores, and now all the students are mad at me, and I’ve been called every name in the book.

Am I really the asshole here?I live with three of my best friends, and another roommate who I met just right before we moved in. For the last month, I would get home and all of my dishes that were on the drying rack would be laid out on the counter with my roommate’s dishes on the rack (the one I’m not close with). We all mostly share, and 85% of appliances/dishes are mine. The drying rack is mine. I cook A LOT and thus I constantly have dishes on the rack even if I put them away regularly. I wash right away, and usually put things away within a day. 

I approached my roommate and asked him to stop laying my dishes out and to just let me know so I can put them away, or just put the dishes away himself every so often because we share. We all use the dishes and I unload the rack all the time regardless of what’s on it. He claims “I don’t use your dishes. I only use mine and I always put my dishes away within an hour after having washed them. I don’t know where your dishes go and I’m not your parent” but ultimately agrees to stop as long as I unload the rack more frequently. He’s the only one who has his own dishes, but constantly uses my appliances, cookie sheets, frying pan, etc. Fine. Whatever. Figured this would be the end of it. Made tremendous effort to be on top of my game, putting dishes away within an hour or so of washing them for the last two weeks. 

I made breakfast yesterday and was almost late to work. So, I left the dishes on the rack for my entire 12 hour shift. This is the only time this week the rack has not basically been empty. My roommate sends me a really aggressive text saying it’s unfair to make it so that he can’t use MY drying rack, and if I have to work all day I should plan for that and empty the rack before I go or ask one of the other roommates who share dishes to do it so that I don’t put that burden on him. I explained the situation and asked him to be conscious of my schedule, and that I’ve been making a huge effort. He told me to stop getting defensive and making excuses. He also said he’s not going to applaud me for doing what I should be doing. 

WIBTA if I removed the drying rack all together, and possibly the shared pans and appliances that I KNOW he uses (while claiming not to)? I feel like it might be petty and unfair to my other roommates.This is really happening and I can't believe it.

As a student I live in a dorm while at college. It's a big building in a complex, with keycard access.

Inside it's kinda structured like a hotel.

Now the thing is, there is no doormat in this building at the entrance. All the mud or anything from outside gets inside and I was tired of constantly washing the floor in this room that is my temporary home.

I saw that at one of the ends of the hallway someone has a plastic-looking  doormat in front of their door and I thought "great idea".

Now, I'll give you all the info I think is relevant. The hallway is very large and it's at least 2m wide. The doormat I bought is just as long as my door and at max 30cm wide. It is not intrusive, and people that live next to my have nothing against it (they actually want to get some themselves).

It's a brownish doormat with a doggo that says "wipe your paws".

I put it in front of my door on Monday. Both then and the next day I found it far away from my door when I came back.

I thought someone is playing some bad jokes, but today it took me a longer time to find it. Attached to it was a note: "No rugs, annoying!!!!" (Translated)

I don't get it. How could I inconvenience someone with my doormat? I would put it on the inside, but the door opens inward. Also, it seems like the other person's doormat is gone too.

I don't know what's up with this.

I seriously thought about putting it back with a note stating that I have no rugs, only a doormat, but I see how that may escalate this.

Edit: The admin said it's okay to have a doormat. Also, legally here you own 1m in front of your door in apartment type buildings even when rented.

If it would be a house I would own the sidewalkI am getting married in the near future.  I am not an etiquette expert so maybe I did something wrong.

I sent out invitations for my upcoming wedding and as RSVPs trickled in, an invited couple asked if they could bring their daughter.  I asked what daughter, thinking they had a small child that I was forgetting.  They replied that they were referring to their year 20-year-old daughter. I said that since she is an adult that I don't really know I would rather not invite her.  

This apparently angered them and after a couple other exchanges (texts, kinda whiney but not heated) I relented and said she could come, since otherwise the couple would not come either.  This was apparently still not good enough because they said they were insulted by me initially declining to invite her.  AITA for not automatically inviting someone's adult child to my wedding? Is that a normal thing?So I recently started enjoying photography and I wanted to start a business over it.  I realized that no one would pay me unless I had a decent work, and I couldn't get work unless I got people to pay me. So the next best solution was to do free photo shoots. I message around 10 of my friends offering a free photoshoot, only 2 of them accepted. Cool.  On Sunday I do the photoshoot, the pictures come out amazing, and now I have decent work to show people. A week after that one of the friends I messaged asks me if I can do a free photoshoot of her. I tell her no, I charge $50-$60 for a shoot. She then asks me what about the photos you offered last week. I simply tell her that is over, I 'm doing paid work now. She then tells me I am a fake friend,  and stops being in contact with me for that week, she then posts on her story, something about people switching up on you, or something like that.  I tell my friends and they agree that I was the asshole in that situation.

AITA?

&#x200B;

edit: clarity error

&#x200B;

2nd edit:

1. She specifically said no to the photoshoot
2. I did not provide a timeline to end the free photos
3. I posted the pictures to my instagram, I don't know if she saw them or notMy life isn't great, but it's okay. My husband and I got pregnant at a not great time in our marriage. We were on the fence about keeping the pregnancy when I got diagnosed with uterine cancer, which turned a "maybe someday" into "this is your only chance to ever have a biological child". I was a contract worker with no maternity leave, so we decided that I would work as long as I could, then quit after the baby was born and start applying for jobs when the baby was old enough for daycare. Our child is now almost 3.

Unfortunately, my mother started declining hard towards the end of my pregnancy, and by the time the baby was 3 months old, she had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's and needed full time care and a POA (power of attorney). I took over her care and we moved into her house for her safety. While I'm registered as her carer, because I have power of attorney, I can't get financial assistance for it. She doesn't have money for elder care, and Medicare isn't willing to pay anything because she isn't legally destitute, so everything would have to be paid for by us.

Between daycare and what an in-home carer would cost, I would need to make over $5,000 a month, or it will cost our household money for me to work. The jobs I did before all of this net about $3,000 a month, which means it would likely cost us over $2,000 a month for me to work. 


A friend of mine got pregnant at the same time I did. She terminated. She's since had another termination. We were talking the other day and she was judging me for not working and my life in general. She said that I was being a drain on my husband and that I/we were bad parents for having a baby when we couldn't *really* afford it. She went on to say that she's circumstantially infertile because she refuses to have a kid unless she can fully pay for them to go to college and have a basically upper middle class life.

I responded that that pregnancy was our only chance to have a child, that we were in no way neglecting our child because we didn't have a college fund, and that she's not infertile. Have kids or don't, that's your choice, but multiple abortions by choice is not infertility. I also told her the above, that we honestly can't afford for me to work, and that being a working mom is sometimes an economic privilege. She stormed out and we haven't spoken in over a week. Am I in the wrong here?So I was trying to finish some of my chores and I heard some screaming in my sons room. I ran into the room seeing my daughter trashing and breaking my sons room because she did not like how my son is not allowing her to use and break his things. I saw that and was mad because this was not the only time my daughter did that and it was the 6th time. I was done with her behavior and I told her I am tired of her not respecting other people's property in the house which was a rule set in kindergarten. 

I told her that I am kicking her and she has a month to pack her stuff and find a place. She asked why can't I kick out my older son and not her. I told her that my older son never broke or screamed like a five year old and that he pays rent, helps with bills and follows the rules we set for him. She was threw a fit of rage and left and pack her stuff and went to a friends house. Her friends mom came in and asked me to reconsider my stance and allow her back in and I refused.

Edit- thank you for those who gave me your opinions.  I am going to let my daughter back in the house in a couple of conditions. The first one is that she has to apologize to my son. The second one is that my daughter has to go to therapy. The third condition is she has to pay for a new speaker and help pay for repairs of the phone that was broken which my son has. The final condition is that she is not allowed to ruin property and if she has an issue with my son she has to bring it up with me. If she breaks any of the rules she will have a month to pack her belongings and get out. There are no second chances.I’ve been involved with a man for several months who is undergoing a divorce. The involvement is purely physical, and we aren’t dating. Out of nowhere, his soon-to-be ex-wife contacted me last week and wanted to chat. 

She wanted a face-to-face meeting to ask me questions last week. I asked my friend over the weekend whether it would be ok for me to meet with her. He gave me the blessing since the papers have already been filed with the court and they are just waiting for the judge to sign off. He just asked me to be honest. There was nothing further her attorney could do to get out of the terms of the prenup because it was pretty thorough, and her attorney advised her to accept the terms and proceed with an uncontested divorce to save her the financial burden of a legal battle that has almost no chance of succeeding. She rightly accepted her counsel’s advice.

So today I met her for coffee in a very public space. She wanted to know when I started seeing my friend sexually, and I told her. She wanted to know if it was anything she did that changed their relationship. I told her I didn’t know the full extent of their problems so I couldn’t answer that question. What I did know was that he no longer found her attractive after she gave birth to their second child. He found himself no longer sexually compatible with her. I told her if it wasn’t me, he would have found someone else. She wanted the truth, so I told her.

She started sobbing and accusing me of being callous. I reminded her that she wanted honest answers, and I gave her the answers. My friend had already told her exactly the same thing when he served her the divorce papers months ago. I’m not sure what she was hoping to gain by asking the same questions of me. 

Frankly, I think getting out of this marriage is the best thing to happen to her because she shouldn’t be under the illusion that she could somehow save this marriage. She needs the bandaid ripped off so she can move on with her life. Obviously I didn’t tell her this because she didn’t ask me this and I’m not her therapist. 

I paid for her coffee and I left. I didn’t want to be seen with a sobbing woman at the cafe and she probably could have benefited from some time alone to compose herself. I honestly don’t understand why she would seek out a meeting with me and ask me for honest answers if she isn’t prepared to hear them. I just don’t see myself as either an asshole or as being callous here, especially when she asked for this.

Edit: someone suggested I add in this from INFO. The youngest child is 2-3. The sexual dissatisfaction occurred over years, culminating in my friend moving into his own downtown condo shortly before he served his soon-to-be ex-wife the divorce papers.My daughter, Lila, is 3 months old, and a very loud crier. As my nanny Maureen would have said "she's got a set of lungs on her". GP and books all say sleep training should start at 4-6 months.

My parents live a few hours away and shortly before my daughter's birth mum had a knee replacement. At her last checkup, a week ago, she was advised against driving for at least the next few months, and told she won't be able to drive long distances (like the drive to our place) until next year. Dad has an eye issue and legally can't drive because of it. As a result of this, they have yet to meet Lila. We've been talking on the phone where I've given them information, I've sent pictures and even facetimed them and put Lila on camera, and they've been begging me and my fiance to bring Lila to them for a visit. We made the trip last weekend.

We arrived Friday night. Mum got dad to buy/put up a crib specifically for Lila, however, they put it together in the spare room. So mum and dad were in their room, me and my fiance were in the guest room, and our daughter was in the spare room. The crib was heavy, wooden, and wide, and had come as a flatpack and was built in the room, and when we told dad that Lila sleeps in our room he and my fiance tried to get the crib into the guest room, but they couldn't get it through the door. There was no bed in the spare room so we realised pretty quick that we wouldn't be able to have her in the same room as us. We made our peace with it as the spare and guest room are next to each other and she's so loud we didn't doubt we'd be able to hear her.

Sure enough, Friday night, there are 3 total crying sessions we deal with.

Saturday morning mum tells us we should let her cry it out. I tell her we've not started sleep training yet because she's too young and we don't like "cry it out" in general. Conversation moves on.

Saturday night happens. We put Lila down, and go to bed ourselves. Within 10 minutes she's crying. I get up, go to the room she's in, and the door is locked. I panic, go into mum's room, asking where they key is. Mum says we need to let her cry it out and start sleep training and she's helping us do that. I then get dad, who tells mum to give me the key right now. She does, I get Lila, and put her back to bed.

The next dad mum calls me a helicopter parent and says I can't console her every time she cries. Dad and fiance tell her to leave it alone. We left Sunday afternoon (as planned).

Yesterday mum rang to ask when we're next coming, and tells me the crib was bought for Lila when we came over. I told her I need to think.

WIBTA if I said to mum that I don't want to stay overnight at their place any more?

Just to add/clarify: we have no intention of letting her ever have to "cry it out". We think when it comes to sleeping in separate rooms (which is months away) if we do any sort of method it will be the pick up/put down method, where we make sure she's had a feed and a bath and is all good for the night, and if she cries during the night we will stay with her long enough to get her to stop crying/give her whatever she needs, and then leave her to it. She's also a month premature, so developmentally she's closer to 2 months than 3. Also my dad had nothing to do with locking Lila in, and didn't know what mum was planning until I was in their room demanding the key, and is generally on my side in this.I went over for a date, with a guy I have been on multiple dates with, he now lives 2hrs and 15 min away from me, I let him know I didn't want to drive home in the dark, this still left us with around 3 hrs to hang out. When I got to his place he was not dressed, nor was he ready to leave, no big deal, but he decided he just wanted to cuddle and discuss what to do, 2 hrs go by he ends up napping some, he works nights and has been not doing well mentally, but I had enough and I told him I'm going home. I kept it short, because I was upset, no date, no food, and i got to watch him sleep after a 2 hr drive.

My question AITA for cutting it shortI’m 29 and have been sober for 5 years. 

My sponsor Daren passed away a year ago from cancer. I credit him with saving my life more than once. 

My family has a tradition of being buried together in a family plot. It has been done for decades and they are all pretty adamant about it. 

My parents are getting older and have started to finalize exactly where they want us all to be buried. They picked a spot for them and for me and my sister. We didn’t get much choice (or any) in the matter. It get that it’s weird, but whatever it’s what we’ve always done in my family. 

My family stuck by me through my addiction for the most part but they didn’t help me like Daren did. 

What my family doesn’t know is that I’m gay and Daren and I were on and off lovers for years while he was my sponsor. Say what you will about the ethics of that, but it worked for us. I genuinely cared for him and miss him. 

I never told my family because I didn’t want them to see him as any less as the great mentor he was and I haven’t come out to them yet. 

When my parents brought up our burial plots, I said that I wanted to be buried next to Daren instead as I credit him with my sobriety and just still being alive. 

My parents were upset and said that I was ruining tradition and “upsetting the family with my antics” once again. They said they understood that we were close but Daren wasn’t family and this was tradition. I told them my mind was made up and refused to talk about it any further. 

My parents were upset and I’m now suspecting that my sister thinks there was more going on between me and Daren than I told her. 

I don’t want to break family tradition but I also don’t know if I’m entirely in the wrong here. 

AITA?Student in my first semester of college living in a dorm with roommate J.

J sought me out a few months before college began, she thought we could be roommates. Move in day we were BFFs, but as the 1st week progressed I noticed her acting strange.

I brought a new friend to my dorm when J was there. After friend and I left, friend said “YOU are J’s roommate? We went to the same high school, I know her from home. She told me her roommate is weird; I expected someone actually weird.”

This explained why J seemed off, she thought I was weird, but I didn’t know why. I went to class, went out weekends and came back when J was asleep w/o being loud. I had friends I was with a lot of the time, I was clean.

I have 4 classes throughout the day (8-9, 11-12, 2-3, 5-7). Between them, I make the 15 min walk back to my dorm and lay in bed. J doesn’t have her first class until 2 pm. By the time I get back at 12, J is still in bed. I am cautious about being loud in the mornings while she is asleep, I don’t turn on lights, I either use the sunlight or go in the bathroom to get ready, I’m quiet with drawers, I spray my perfume in the hallway.

J wakes up for her day when I get back around noon. I noticed that I would lay down for a nap/close the blinds, while she would get up/turn on lights/heat up food. One day I had not slept the night before because I was uncomfortable (J likes our room at 70 degrees and I like it at 60, we “compromise” and keep it at 70) and I was sick of her doing this, so I told her how disrespectful it was. 

Her response: “You sleep ALL THE TIME. Am I not allowed to be in my room?”

I know it must be annoying to only ever see me napping, but she sleeps through me going to class, coming back, and going again. If I respect her sleep, she should respect mine. 

We had a discussion with RA about it who said J was only allowed to turn on 1 light while I was trying to nap, but of course, J always turns on the brightest one and opens the blinds.

Last night, I couldn’t sleep. I left at 7:30 for class, went to the library, went to my second class, and got back to my dorm at 12:30, exhausted. As I laid down, J got out of bed, turning on the overhead light, opening the blinds, shuffling through her drawers, and microwaving popcorn. 

J and I do not talk, we haven’t in a few weeks, and her temper scares me enough to not confront her (except for the time I did, which proves my point). Every morning when I wake up at 7 I want to turn on the lights, open the blinds, and be loud so she gets the same treatment I do, but I feel like I’m not that mean- also I’m worried about her backlash. 

My friends/family side with me saying that I should be allowed to nap in my own room. They think J doesn’t like having a roommate in general, so she nitpicks over small things. J’s family/friends side with her, saying it isn’t fair of me to be angry about her going about her daily life in the middle of the afternoon. 

So, AITA for taking naps in my dorm room during the day?I work in an industry that is disproportionately male dominated. As a woman, I've really appreciated having "gated communities" of likewise individuals, which extends to the LGBTQ+ community. While I do not identify as such, I consider myself an ally to that community.

One of the hallmarks of a specific community I frequent is to warn members of the community if certain folks in the industry are exhibiting behavior that could be problematic or even dangerous. I fully support this, as it keeps the more vulnerable members of our community safe. 

Recently a specific individual was called out for asking a member of the community for free work. Asking for free work, even a passion project, is what I would call "shitty behavior". It's a yellow flag, and I fully support a warning put out to be a bit cautious around this person so, again someone vulnerable, doesn't get snookered in. My motto, and the best advice I've had, is you don't always have to work for money but never work for free.

A moderator of this community then posted that this called out person would be at a specific event at an enormous conference that is upcoming, and that people shouldn't go. Here is where I felt a line was crossed. Canceling, or shunning, is the nuclear option when dealing with misconduct. If we're talking overt sexism, gross sexual misconduct, I'm all for the nuclear option. But over asking for free work? No.

I message the mod in question privately and explained how I felt. A different mod reached out, explained to me after I pried that the person in question is actually a sexist pig. I asked that the call out in question be updated with this info, because I have a problem with cancelling over basically nothing. They said they should edit: should not  have to, because the burden of proof doesn't lie with the victim. So, because I started out defending such a shitty person I obviously was a shitty person as well, and also because I wouldn't budge how I felt that a cancel needs to be justified I was banned.

Was I the asshole?Hi! Today, I attempted to go do my laundry, when my foot slipped off of the step at the back door and caused me to sprain my ankle. This, obviously, hurts. I spent about an hour laying down on the floor waiting for my grandmother to come to my house to help me with it, and she ended up giving me ice and helping me around and doing some of my laundry so I'll have clothes, sat down and talked, etc. I really appreciated it!

&#x200B;

However. Just as she was leaving, (3 hours later) my mother came home. I currently live with my mom while going to college, so I'm doing my best to be nice to her. She really didn't show too much care that I had sprained it, and once my grandmother was gone, blamed the fact that I chose to wear flip flops as to why I sprained my ankle. Obviously, I felt uncomfortable when she said that and felt bad, but maybe I shouldn't have worn flip flops?

&#x200B;

She left, but not long after I had gotten onto my computer to talk to my friends about it and relax, she came back in and told me that I had to be laying in bed and that "This day off was not just a vacation day." It wasn't like I was faking it or anything, I have ice on my foot and was keeping pressure off it so that it didn't hurt, and I have a sleeve on it to keep down the swelling. She ended up completely rearranging my stuff around my bed somewhat passive-aggressively (commenting about how I'm always on my computer and never do anything else), even though I repeatedly asked her not to. I feel incredibly uncomfortable now, and I am afraid my ankle won't be good enough for me to drive and walk around a mile in two days as she is repeatedly stating I am going to be doing. I do accept that maybe it's ridiculous that I don't feel like I need to be bed bound, but also don't feel like I can walk.

&#x200B;

I feel like I'm the asshole because she might mean well? You shouldn't really be going around having too much fun when injured generally, maybe? Or maybe she's just worried over me and I should just let it go.... I could also be rude for not being completely on board with definitely going around and just taking painkillers Friday.

AITA for being uncomfortable and feeling like she doesn't really care about it, and is just mad at me for being on my computer and spraining it, because she really does care? Or is she actually just being the asshole when my ankle is sprained?

EDIT: sorry, put wrong age in title. I’m 17.So this just happened, and I'm honestly not sure how to feel about this (throwaway account for reasons) I woke up this morning to my niece crying about something or other, listening to my mom and sister talk, I figured out it was due to a DIY blood test, that I've personally taken. My family is super for balance between Omega 3/Omega 6 acids (which for those of you that don't know is one of the best things you can do for your health) and that test was to check how close to said balance she was. While I'm all for physical health and such, I just didn't see a reason why that test had to be done, and why it had to be a DIY test. I'll admit I'm a bit biased against blood tests due to my phobia for blood/needles, but I do still take them when I need to as my health is more important to me than my phobias. After hearing and seeing all of this, I started sending my mom and sis messages on the phone about how she's 5 and can say no if she doesn't want to. After all of this went down, my mom came in and told me how apperantly she's been having a lot of pain in her feet and arms during the night and this is just one of those steps for helping her get better (she's apperantly taking painkillers due to how bad they get, which is super bad for a 5 year old) and I'm just kinda torn, AITA here?

&#x200B;

Edit: I seem to have done a poor job of explaining how the DIY blood tests work, sorry. Basically you have a one time use needle that'll pierce the skin on the tip of your ring finger (I think it's the ring finger) to get blood to form, you then put it on a piece of paper and package it up to send to a lab.So I've been friends with this person before there transition, she a trans woman btw, and most of our jokes usually are us picking on each other. She came out as trans last year but has only been taking hormones for about two months, she's still like to pick on everyone in the friend group but when ever one of us picks on her she gets upset. Recently while me, her, and some other friends where getting something to eat my friend found some old audio from an old podcast we did for fun. She then ask if she still sounded like that, I said yes. Hear voice is still the kinda the same she just sounds more feminine in her wording. A few days later she decided to tell everyone in our friend group that I'm a toxic person, transphobic, and that she's trying talking to me about it and that I wouldn't listen despite the fact that I haven't recieved any messages from her on anything. The only way I found out was that my sister told me because she's apart of this friend group then my other friend ask me what going between me and the trans friend. I told them everything that happened and they think I should apologize even though I probably did nothing wrong. I dont want to apologize because I believe I did nothing wrong and because instead of actually talking to me she decided to tell everyone that I'm a horrible person. Am I the asshole?I'm currently 15 m. My dad, brothers, grandma, aunt, and idk was there 1 more person or not, decided to all go eat lunch at a restaurant today, everyone and especially my grandma wanted me to come there and I decided not to go. The only reason was because I didn't want any of my friends for example to see me, and I live in a small town of about 15k people, so not much and not that many restaurants overall in this whole town. So the chances that I would have seen someone I know at least a little bit, were very high and I was just scared of that. I wanted to go eat, especially to a restaurant but that was the only reason I didn't go.

Now I feel bad for not going since everyone wanted me to come. And also fuck this shit, I somehow would like to get rid of this fear I guess, that I don't want to go out with my family because my friends might see me or someone I know or that they know me a little bit. Since like 90% of my aged people here at least knows a little bit almost everyone. I like going out with my family, to do stuff, one example is going to eat lunch at a restaurant, which I haven't done in a very very long time because of this fear.

But I really do feel bad now, since everyone that was there like before me and my dad we're supposed to go there, they we're a little bit early, and then I didn't go and only my dad went and all of the people there were waiting for both of us. Also, I don't want anyone from my family to feel like I don't want to go out with them because they are for example "embarrassing" or something similar and that's the reason I don't go out with them, since that's not any of the reasons, they aren't. I love all of them and  a lot and nothing is wrong with them, I just for some reason don't want to see any of my friends when i'm out with my family. I guess it would be "weird", when i'm going to eat lunch with my family and then I see my friends and they see us, and they're all hanging in a group of like 5-10 people.I (21F) have a brother (20M) and we both go to the same college, but due to my brother taking pre-K, he's a sophomore and I'm a senior. Both of us grew up with ADHD, and it made school very difficult for us. Our parents helped us the best they could with tutors and study tips for people with our ADHD and we both managed to get decent grades. We both had issues with science and math, which led me into not picking a major that didn't involve high levels of either of the subjects. I struggled with the intro math classes but still managed to pass.

When my brother started off as a freshmen he went undecided. I gave him advice about what are the best general education classes to take, ones to avoid stuff like that.... and then decided he wanted to go into biology and become a chiropractor. My parents were open to it at first but I cautioned him that he would most likely need to go to grad school and maintain a decent GPA (he only had a 2.6 in high school), and he would be taking entirely math and science classes. He said he can do it, I said okay, I ended it at that and didn't say anything else about it. 

A year later, he fails half of his classes, and he asks me what he should do. I encouraged him to think about switching majors. My brother gets mad at me, my parents get mad at me and yell and say it's what he wants to do and I should be supportive. I decided I'm staying out of this as they clearly didn't want any more "advice".

Well now my parents are freaking out because he has a 2.3 GPA and he's currently failing his classes and is on the verge of being kicked out of the major and being put on academic probation ( for the second time). His worst class grade is in a class he already failed. The university has a policy that if you fail the same class twice, you're unable to take it again. My parents are now asking what can he do, and I said well you didn't listen to me then and now it's clearly a problem that isn't getting better. I told you he should change majors but you didn't listen and now your son is screwed, and I don't know what he can do to fix it. They're mad and saying I'm unsupportive and an AH for not helping my brother enough

First off,  I only gave him advice because I know how hard it was for him in school and I was just trying to help him put himself in a better position post-grad. But now I'm feeling like I was too harsh with what I said, AITA?I (F/30) am getting married next month and my partner (M/35) and I have everything we would need in our household since we combined our separate households into one when we moved in together. We are getting married at the courthouse and then doing dinner/drinks with immediate family and friends. 

Both of our families wanted to host a dinner for extended family after our wedding. We agreed because we didn't want to be jerks about it, but neither of us really want that. My partner's mom asked me for my input on everything when she planned the party for her side that's happening this summer. We said we didn't want any gifts so she put "no gifts please" on the invitations. 

My mom had said we would probably do a cookout at her house for my extended family and I was happy about that because I thought it would be more low key. Then she texted me and my sisters on a group chat a few weeks ago and asked what we were doing the Friday after we get married. I said I didn't have any plans yet, and she was like good we want to plan a dinner for our side of the family at this fancy Italian restaurant. So I went along with it even though I wasn't super happy and I wish she had even just asked me before sending it out to me and my siblings. Then I was at dinner with my immediate family and one of my sisters showed the other the invitation for this dinner and refused to show me when I asked. I was told I should learn patience. I asked them if they could include the "no gifts please" on that and that started a fight at dinner because I am not giving my family an opportunity to be involved in my wedding. My other sister told me I was being too controlling. 

I don't think I was being controlling, but when talking to a colleague she said it is normal for people to bring a gift or money and I shouldn't try and stop people from doing that. I just really don't want people to spend money for my wedding and I think it is weird because my partner and I don't need anything. So AITA here? Should I just go with the flow?My sister and I have had a pretty sheltered and cushy life.  I have never had to experience poverty, starvation, or intense sickness without care in my life.  The only real toil I have faced in my life was my parents getting divorced when I was 11 and even that didn't really affect me.  The divorce is kind of the root of the problem.  My sister, when it first happened, was very pissy to the point that she would throw tantrums if she didn't get her way.  After years of this, my parents just decided to let her have what she wants in order to avoid her wrath.  Anyways, the other day my mother was in America for a few days because my grandparents did not want her to leave because of coronavirus.  While she was gone, my sister did not do anything too egregious.  She left some clothes around, didn't clean up plates, and didn't help me vacuum but that wasn't out of the ordinary.  On the last day though, she invited 5 friends over and with the rest of the grocery money bought a bunch of food and soda at the store (about 800 HKD or \~100 USD).  After she had finished with that, all her friends left and she sat on the table and started watching TikToks on her phone. I asked her to help me put stuff away and clean up and she would keep on saying "in a second" or "Give me a bit". I started cleaning up and asked for her help putting in a new bag in the trash.  She said she didn't know how so I said I would teach her.  She started getting annoyed and I was a bit angry so I said something along the lines of "How are you going to survive in college. You don't have any skills in life, you don't know how to clean up for yourself, you can't cook, you don't know how to clean, etc".  She yelled about how she doesn't need to stay in the kitchen that isn't her job and stormed off.  She hasn't spoken with me since and I think is deliberately being messier now. AITA.

&#x200B;

I think I might have made this a bit biased towards myself and one-sided.  For clarification, I did yell at her.  She's 14, I'm 16.  

&#x200B;

Also no. I don't beat her, gaslight her, or think that she is inherently less because she is a woman.My roommate has a friend over a lot who, to me, appears very male. This friend (I’m already struggling to not say he) has a beard, big build, hairy legs, low voice — is basically everything I know as masculine with an exception of longish hair and full face of makeup (that looks great btw). 

But due to this person’s features, I can’t stop saying ‘he.’ And I’ve tried saying ‘they,’ but it just hasn’t been able to stick no matter how hard I try, and this person really isn’t happy about it.My mom has been pressuring me since I was in college to support the family (I’m 27 now), and I’ve been trying to pay for things (phone bill, internet, mortgage, car insurance, property tax) but I’m also trying to save a lot towards a down payment. I’ve known ever since I was a child that my relationship with my mom was not good and that I wanted to move away from her. We have intense fights every few months that usually end in her giving me ultimatums - you’re trash, it was a waste of my effort to raise you, you don’t care about me at all, you owe me your life and if you don’t support me, then you have to move out. Then you’re cut off. Then I’ll sell the house. What’s worse is that my family history is kind of complicated (I’m the oldest of three, and my younger sister is my half-sister from my mom’s second marriage that ended in divorce. My mom’s second husband used up a lot of her savings and left her in debt). My mom’s been blaming me as the reason for why our family is in debt now, and doesn’t acknowledge the fact that she was tricked by her ex-husband. She tries to put my half-sister against me, even though we normally have a good relationship otherwise. I’ve been considering more than ever to move out, but today, I heard my mom passive aggressively tell my brother that she lost her job for the next few weeks and that she fully expects any functioning member of this family to pay for her expenses. If not, then she’ll sell the house. My brother and sister have nowhere to go if she sells the house.... 

I’m sorry if this is really confusing, but I’m having a really hard time piecing my thoughts together. I’ve been having a miserable week trying to avoid coming home and dealing with this, but I don’t have anywhere else to go right now.So I work at this shop that's got a sandwich line, a barista, and a cashier. I've worked all three, and know how to make everything. I was working cashier today.

In the beginning, we were friends- but coworker friends- not someone I would hang out with outside work. We'd shoot the breeze and shit. But over the last couple of months, I've noticed small things that just irk me that I ignored because they were a friend. They take 10 minute bathroom breaks like every hour. They ask other people to do their job for them even when they're busy. They stand in my space, like super close. And the big one is that they always interrupts me when I'm cashiering and someone asks me a question. I'll literally take a breath to answer and he'll run over from the sandwich line to answer. Usually it's about the ingredients in the food, which I can answer because I've made the food multiple times. I legit just glared at them today when they did it and interrupted me in the middle of speaking.

And the top of the cake is the incident later today. I had a cup of water that I had on a table. No lid. This is basically how it went.

Them: "You need a lid"

Me: "\[My boss\] has never told me that."

Repeat this again about three times, until they finally screamed at me "well good for you not putting a lid on your fucking cup!" Did it in front of a customer and at least two coworkers. I walked over, got a lid for my cup, and served the next customer. 

But frankly, I don't know if I would be the asshole or not if I used this as an excuse to just politely interact with them, but not anymore than necessary. They did apologize after, but I was angry still because it was inappropriate. 

I'm also just done with their shit. Everything is the misery olympics with this person. I don't want to deal with them anymore. 

Would I be the asshole, reddit?There’s a lot of backstory here but I’ll try to make it short.

I’m 20F, I still live at home because I decided to go to community college. I’m in my last semester and once I graduate I plan to get a job. I currently don’t have my license (a long story) but I can get it soon.

About a month ago my friends invited me to come to their house for a few days. They live about a 6 hour drive away. They took my boyfriend and I there in December, and we had a great time so they wanted us to come again. However, my boyfriend couldn’t get off work so it would just be me.

When I told my mom that I was going, she was immediately pissed off. I really don’t have a great relationship with her for a lot of reasons so sometimes I can’t tell if I’m overreacting or she is. She basically told me that I couldn’t go because “it was a bad time” and I would be the “odd one out”. She’s constantly convinced I’m going to get kidnapped or murdered, and apparently if my boyfriend isn’t there it’s a guarantee.

Her biggest thing that she always says to me is: “you live here, so you have to listen to me.” I can understand if she didn’t want me doing drugs in the house or something like that but not letting me go out seems really controlling. Until last year she would actually forbid me from leaving the house to hang out with my friends if she decided to.

I fully intended to go on the trip regardless of what she thought, but I ended up not being able to go due to weather conditions. Well, my friends and I decided on a new time to go and my mom is still pissed. She keeps telling me I’m not allowed to go without my boyfriend, guilt tripping me, and saying it’s still a bad time.

For more context: my friends are dating, they live with the boyfriend’s parents, I’ve known them for about two and a half years and my boyfriend has known them for even longer. There’s literally no reason for her to be worried but she keeps calling them strangers and saying she doesn’t trust them.

So AITA if I don’t listen to my mom’s bullshit and still go on the trip/AITA for not listening to her even though I still live at home?

Quick edit: Reading this again it might seem like a validation post but after listening to her tell me I'm wrong for so many years, I'm worn down.I am 30F and my partner is 34M.

My health was compromised as a teenager because my parents tried to convince me a mysterious but persistent abdominal pain was just “in my head” for almost an entire year. A family friend intervened so I got the medical care I needed and a surgery got me an AI diagnosis. My parents never apologized to me for not believing me, they tend to not even mention it.

It took me 5 years to have a child. When I did, my parents invited themselves to our house every weekend w/o checking with us. (Live 60+ miles from us) I turned them down and other family (aunts) insisted i drive to my parents’ house so they could all “meet the baby”. (During pregnancy, they offered to throw a “meet the baby” shower, and I declined, saying I would want to stay at home.) I declined this too. I don’t remember the exact sequence of events but one parent was particularly upset and essentially told me via text how terrible I was being to them by saying “no”. This wasn’t the first time this parent (P) reacted aggressively to a problem and blamed me for causing the problem, so I went no-contact with them.

Since going NC (2.5 years now) P has continually tried to contact me but they don't really seem to want to resolve things? They gave my email address as theirs to a few big organizations. The first year I received an email addressed to P, on P’s birthday, wishing P a happy birthday - I’ve received about 4 similar emails, including one from their high school alumni association. P has also sent several letters via snail mail; all without a return address, all with a misspelling of my name. Some were addressed by a 3rd party. The last few have been addressed by P but again, all either misspelled or using a version of my name I never went by. All of the letters are typed with no signature. This last letter asserts that P’s parent G is getting on in years, and suffering because of my “beef” with P, and that G has made several attempts to meet my child and has not had success. I am confused because for the last 10 years, my relationship with G is basically 1) phone call at birthday, and 2) a card at holiday. I spoke to G on the phone 2 months ago; G made no request to MEET, they wanted to be friends on FB to see photos of my child. I declined the social media access (I am very limited on social media as it is) anticipating G would give P access to G’s account. AITA?Backstory: hey! So this is my first ever Reddit post
so I'm sorry if I'm not the best at typing or whatnot.
But I have a decent amount of friends and I'm in
7th grade, still pretty young lol. Anyways, i have
two different friend groups, friend group a and
friend group b Wich is the friend group PA (optional
asshole), this isent the first time PA has made me
feel bad about having other friends, but I can Post
another thing about those.
The story:. Me and my friend group a made a
groupchat on snap and tictok account (if you don't
know tictok it's a video app) of the whole friend
group, we called it mi_teenhypehouse and we had
a decent amount of people on it, about 10 if I'm
counting right, and none of my friend in friend group
B was in it. I later get a text from PA saying:

PA: why the hell am I not in mi_teenhypehouse?

Me:l don't know I dident make the account

PA: yea well I was the one who had the idea first.

Me: sorry I wasent aware.

He dident text me after that untill 4 hours later on
snapchat. I was beginning to get annoyed because
he does this everytime i hang out with other people. I
can see where he's coming from I hate being left out,
but I'm starting to get annoyed but I cant tell if this
is just me being unreasonable. He later sent me a
snapchat saying 
"I can't help but be mad or offended
that so many other people got the login for the tictok
account but me, and people are calling me salty
for being offended, i still want to be in your guyses
hype house, i just can't believe **** and ****** got in
before me. Personally I feel left out and discarded.I
want you to have fun but I can't help feeling this way"

I posted this on am i the asshole beacuse i can't
help but feel bad for hanging out without him. But
I also have other friends, i can't tell if I'm being
manipulated or I don't know something like that. So,
any advice or am I the asshole?
****= ((aka my two best friendSo my baby brother is autistic so he doesn’t do you like most people expect in social situations. He’s in the Boy Scouts he is 10 years old, I am a 24m I love weapons guns knifes swords anything. Well my BB (baby bro) Was a Boy Scout meeting I think it’s called payer something. All the little kids had to go around and see what they got from their family, things like I got my dad’s eyes, my moms hair, For some reason I look a lot like the milkman. Just stuff like that. It was BB turn At the plate so to speak, I got my brothers u/TortoiseFlash love for guns and knives, Apparently the room went silent. My dad who was there at the time had to explain himself to the other parents. Now I’m getting Blamed for corrupting BB As he searches on Amazon to buy a 7 inch Bowie knife. He has the money but my step mom won’t let him in there upset at me for correcting him. AITA?

Edit: I’m starting to see some things that I want clear two details up 
1. His autism is in the form of Asperger’s he is mentally stable and not a danger to himself or others.
2. He’s trying to get the parents to buy him the knife on Amazon and try to shove money at them so they buy itMy partner works as a carer and unfortunately due to complications with buying a house, we're having to do a long distance relationship for the time being. She is being messed around with her shifts in her last week and is having to drive over an hour there and and an hour back everyday atm with a 12 hour shift in the middle, I love this girl with all my heart and wish there was something I could do to help her but all I can do at the moment is speak on the phone to her.

Due to being the UK it's very dark early and also bad weather, there has been snow where I'm staying and heavy rain in nosy places. While speaking on the phone tonight she admitted that she's been watching TV shows while driving as its the only time she gets to unwind from her shift, I was taken aback as she's normally a vary safe driver who, correctly, tells me off when I'm changing song on my phone while driving or similar. I tried to explain I didn't think it's safe watching TV while your driving and I don't like the idea of her doing it for her saftey or anyone else she may come across. She then started saying that it's the only time she gets to watch TV and relax, that I should be fine with it as its things that don't take much watching and that it's her time to unwind as she has to go straight to bed when she gets back.
AITA for telling her I'd prefer her not to watch TV as she drives?For context this lady is an old neighbor of mine and I have driven her places before. Previously she has told me times when she wanted a ride, then said she didn't need one, then it turned out that she did in fact need one but it was my fault because I was supposed to know and drop everything I was doing for her. 

Tonight she asked for a ride, I dropped her off, never got a time for when I was going to pick her up. My mother said to get her at 9pm, since that's when she told her to be picked up, I show up, wait untill 9:05, circle the block because it's a 10 minute drop off limit and call her with no answer. I go and park 4' from where I dropped her off ( its in a busy street, so I would be blocking a lane if I had parked there. At the time of drop off, it was a red light). I waited until 9:25, a cop pulled up, flipped on his lights and asked me to move, I had been there for too long. I can circle and come back, but I can't be there for more then 10 minutes. I circled the block, slowly went by the drop off point and she wasn't there, and went back to my spot and called. Same thing, it went to voicemail. I'm pretty frustrated at this point as I had been waiting for 25 minutes. 9:30 and she picks up, pissed she says 'i have to walk to your car now!? I have been waiting out front for 10 minutes and you didn't come look for me!?" (Its a drop off zone, you can't just leave your car parked there unattended) she got in the car and said she was mad, that I didn't park my car to come to wherever she was and look for her and find her. She said "you were supposed to call me", which I did, 'but I didn't hear it". She "had been waiting in the cold for 10 minutes" (I find this hard to believe, remember when I circled at 9:25, and she wasn't there? Also the cop and I were 1' forward and 4' to the right of her so she had to have seen the lights) . I apologised and kept my thoughts to myself the entire way back. Even while she was saying "I got the message, you don't want to give me rides anymore." I'm frustrated, I think it's very assholeish of her to expect me to leave my car and risk it getting towed to find her because she can't look for a car that's easily identifiable. 

No I can't text her, she doesn't know how, also it's common for her to expect to bend over backwards for her because she "can't hear her phone" (even when it's in her hand and no she is not hard of hearing, she's in perfect health for her age)
I trust my mom that she got done at 9, so she was just standing there doing idk what until 930. Although I wouldn't be surprised if she actually got done at 930.

I guess this is more of a rant, it just makes me pissed.I have this friend who likes to poke fun at me, and ordinarily I am okay with it, because it’s usually pretty tame. 

However, recently he has started calling me fat. I’ll be eating (a normal portion of food) and he’ll call me fat. If I talk about what I have eaten or plan to eat he’ll say “omg you’re such a fatty.” 

I have expressed that I wish he wouldn’t call me fat, but he won’t stop. He says “but you’re not fat so it doesn’t matter” and he’ll continue on his way “joking” that I am fat. I told him to stop but he won’t. 

I have struggled with bulimia for the past two years, and he doesn’t know. Since that’s not something you tell someone, I’ve just been telling him to stop calling me fat because it’s rude. My body image is already shitty, and him calling me fat really isn’t helping. 

My friend likes to FaceTime me frequently, and when he does he’ll occasionally call me fat on the phone. I am fed up, and I don’t know how to stress to him how much this bothers me. So, WIBTA if I hung up on him the next time he calls me fat?My husband and I recently took a 5-hour flight to attend the wedding of one of my closest friends (T). We both took 5 days off work for T's wedding, and payed for our flights, hotel, and everything else that comes with that ourselves.

Prior to the wedding, I was a huge emotional crutch for T. In her own words, I was her 'chosen family', and she wouldn't have known what to do without me to listen to her and help her.  

Around a month before the wedding, I also threw T a giant bridal shower at my house, which I paid for. None of T's cousins or childhood friends chipped in or worked for T's bridal shower. This meant that I was also stuck with the job of organising, decorating, and cleaning up after the party. It is important to note that I was NOT appointed as the maid of honour or even a bridesmaid at this wedding; I was just asked to organise the shower by the bride herself because 'she couldn't trust anyone else with it'. 

When the wedding day finally arrived, I found out that the entire guest list of the bridal shower (the same people who had actually refused to lift a finger or contribute money for T's bridal shower) had been invited to hang out with the bride in her suite to get dressed with her for the event, while I did not get the same memo. When I finally did get down to her suite, T asked me to leave about 20 seconds in so that she could have a moment with her family and childhood friends. 

After the wedding ceremony, we went down to the reception area, where my ever-optimistic husband was the first to find out that we were seated at the table that was the furthest from the bride and groom's table, and to add insult to injury, was also right next to the toilet. I've never seen his face fall faster.

We've now been back home for more than two weeks, and we also know that T is back as well. She has made no attempts to contact us or let us know she is back. Meanwhile, there have been fresh photos on the book of faces about her hanging out with those same goddamn cousins, and I'm now fucking LIVID. 

I am currently of the opinion that I was treated very poorly by her during and after her wedding, and feel used, betrayed, and cast aside. I feel like I deserve better friends. And hence, WIBTA if I actually did cut her out of my life after all this?

Re-edit: Thank you all for replying to the post. I did not expect it to blow up like this and I feel overwhelmed by the response. I have taken all of your comments into consideration, and while the consensus seems to be NTA, I was also told by some that I crossed boundaries by entering the bridal suite. I appreciate the different viewpoints I got from all of you, and they really helped me form a new perspective on the whole situation.

Re-re-edit: For all those who have asked, T was in the same WhatsApp group for the bridal shower as everybody else. She knew exactly who did what when it came to the bridal shower. There were some private messages that I sent out to everybody (after most of them weren't replying on the WhatsApp group) that T didn't know about, but there was enough information on the group for her to see that everything ended up being my responsibility in the end.

Hopefully what is going to be the final edit: Some commenters would like to know why I mentioned that I paid for my own travel expenses for the wedding (flight and hotel). I mentioned that because I was raised in South Asia and while destination weddings aren't much of a thing in our part of the world, if we ever do have a friend fly in for a wedding, they are typically invited to stay at the family home of the bride or groom (depending on which side they are from), or some people would pay for their hotel if they didn't have space in their home. Which is why I wanted to mention that I paid for my own travel expenses, so that there was no doubt that the bride didn't pay (and I DID NOT EXPECT HER TO, unlike what some people have suggested). I just didn't think it was a given that everybody would know who paid for what because I'm not American.

Update: T contacted me and a couple of other friends on a WhatsApp group we are all in together. This happened a few hours ago, and I'm still processing it.

The gist of it was that she said hi to us on the group and asked us "Howzit going'. Another person in the group (W) replied saying that everything was good. T then started talking about how it was back to the grind for her already, but could we all hang out sometime next week? W replied that since she knows that I (SylviasDead) have a lot of singing gigs this week, we could go watch me sing so we could all hang out. T then replied that she is too busy during the times I have my gigs, so we could hang out if we are free during an afternoon on a day that works for her and for something she wants to do (look at her wedding photos and videos). W replied that she could take out the time to do that, but would wait for my reply. 

I haven't yet replied, and I don't know what to say here AT ALL. Any suggestions will be appreciated.My bf (24M) and I (22F) are long distance I generally see him every 2/3 months During the time he's back in our home country, he stays with his parents who have strict rules. They are still paying for his med school which is why he's forced to still abide by these (rather ridiculous) rules. I've accepted that even when he's here we are still somewhat long distance as he lives an hour away, and has to be back home every day before sunset. I live alone as I attend university in a different city from my hometown.

He usually only arrives by me after 12 (I don't drive) and has to leave before 17:30 because I have evening classes and again, he has to be back by sunset. On this particular day my suburb's electricity was scheduled to cut at 19:00 until 21:00 and since my classes ended at 19:30 this meant that I'd have to walk home in the dark (no streetlights). My country is notorious for crime, particularly gender based violence. Not long ago there was a story about a girl who was fatally injured in the area. There was also videos of another girl being mugged right outside my apartment circulating social media so everyone was on high alert.

My boyfriends parents were insisting that he come home early because 1, his mom was overseas and hadn't spent time with him that week yet (but did the previous week) and 2, they had construction workers in the house who apparently boyfriend needed to supervise. However, due to the circumstances I asked him to please wait until I finished my classes so that he could drive me home as I was feeling nervous to walk home in the dark that late at night. He refused. He was too terrified that his parents were going to yell at him and disown him for coming home late at night, which yeah was a real possibility. He left. I walked home in pitch darkness by myself.

I was so mad at him for driving off and leaving me to walk home alone in such a dangerous situation but then I realised that there are other factors at play which could possibly turn the tides to his favour. Yes, his dad would have seriously yelled at him and possibly cut the funding for his tuition. I understand his fear. He also probably thought I'd be fine since I do walk home every other night by myself, it's just because this particular night had no streetlights which is why I felt nervous. Additionally, I do have a friend who walks with me sometimes, however she ended up staying on campus late for other reasons so I had to walk back by myself. Also we got into a pretty big fight because I was upset he was going to actually let me walk home in the dark so he was pretty emotional. But still I can't help but feel like surely my safety should be a priority? IDK.

All this in mind, I genuinely don't know if i'm TA for still being angry 2 weeks later but I am. AITA?

tl;dr boyfriend refused to drive me home late at night because he was too scared of his overbearing parents yelling at himSo, for context, this happened about 2 years ago when I was 19, so that's the ages I'm assigning everything. 

My brother (17) and I (19) grew up with divorced parents and we spent most of our lives living with our mom (39). She is a fiercely conservative woman who dealt with abusive parents, so she feels as if she's a wonderful mother as long as she treats us even slightly better. One of the things she would often say was "I'm the only one who's cared about you your whole life." But she's not the one I'm asking about, it's my brother. 

Our mother has always had a preference for my brother, calling him the golden child, and expressing other similar sentiments. Meanwhile, I'm a bi trans guy (ftm) who has anxiety about sharing my personal feelings with her because I knew she would get angry and resort to verbal and emotional abuse, in addition to denying medical treatment. Despite this, my brother and I were really close ever since we were little, considering each other our best friend. 

When I turned 19, I couldn't afford to move out on my own, but I decided to move in with our dad (49). He is my brother's biological father, but my adoptive father. He's always had more of a preference for me, as I grew up as Daddy's little girl and I was the older of the kids. He was also dealing with untreated BPD so he often yelled at my brother, not realizing how it hurt his feelings. Since then, he has been going to therapy and is medicated, actually facing his issues. 

Well, when I told my mom I was moving out, she demanded I move out the instant I told her, without being allowed to tell my little brother. 

This wouldn't have been that big of a deal except she was verbally abusive the entire time, leaving me in a state I couldn't message him, while she fed him lines about how I don't care about him and chose our dad over them. 

Since then, he has cut contact with me, except to send me angry messages about how he hates me. I hate feeling like I betrayed him and I know it’s hard for him to be the only one in the house with our mother, who is getting worse. I was his protector and he was left feeling that I abandoned him... which I kind of did? And to live with the man who hurt him...

So am I the asshole for moving out?I'm 25F, I live at home with my father (60M) and brother (17M). I'll start off by mentioning that I'm pretty sure my father had a bad day, because he'd called me after I'd gotten up from taking a nap after work and proceeded to scold me for not taking any medicine because I mentioned I was feeling sick.

Anyway, I went out a few hours tonight and was coming home. He had previously discussed letting me park my car in the garage because we're anticipating a bad snow storm tomorrow (my car is the only one that will fit in our garage). When I arrived home I saw that his car was parked in our driveway, and assumed he had forgotten about letting me park in the garage. Knowing that I didn't have to go to work the next morning, I decided to park my car on the lawn so he could easily pull out and not have to wake me up to switch cars in the AM, an arrangement we're very familiar with as we do this all winter since we're not allowed to park our cars in the street.

Well, it's been raining all afternoon and our lawn has gotten to the point where it's so saturated, and so run over by our cars that my tires ended up getting stuck in the mud when I pulled onto it. I didn't really think much about it when I parked my car on the lawn, told him I did so when I came inside because I wasn't working in the morning.

He tells me it's raining, don't park on the lawn, it's super muddy out. He hurries me outside to move my car.

So we head outside, and I realize that I can't back out. He starts yelling at me as I'm trying to cooperate with him and rock my car out of the mud pit, but it's only digging deeper into the ground. He proceeds to flip out on me, telling me to use my head and to think next time I try to do something like that. He says something like "I hope you're not going anywhere tomorrow, I'm going to have to call a tow."

We end up calling AAA because well, that's what we pay them for right? A guy with a flatbed came out and helped us lift my car out of the mud in 5 minutes.

I feel assholeish simply for parking my car on the lawn in the first place. But he really pushed me to a limit with the way he handled the situation, said some really harsh things to me and I don't think that's fair. AITA?I (21F) have known this boy (21M) for a while now, on and off for a year. We're in a mostly sexual relationship, so we normally just stay in his room at his. 

So I just had quite a bit argument with him about him not wearing deodorant, no roll-on or spray, nothing. And he always smells of sweat. Some days it's worse than others, but it's always there. 
I don't really mind it most of the time, but it's started getting to me because I feel like he makes no effort. He doesn't even own any. I've asked him multiple times to get some, but he just keeps saying that 'he likes his natural musk'. 

Tonight the argument was me basically telling him that it's quite important to smell nice (or at least not smell bad). He's been looking for a job and i believe it's has quite the impact on how a potential employer will judge you. And his constant response was 'i just don't care'. 
So I tried a different route, asking him to do it for me. That I'll like it if he smells nice, and it'll feel like he's made an effort. But his response was still 'i don't care'. 

Now I'm basically just sat sulking not talking to him, and i feel like I've upset him. 

Aita for having a go at him? Is it even my place? I honestly don't know.Throwaway for reasons. My BIL has always been a bit of a screw-up. The frustrating part is that nothing ever seems to bite him in the ass. For example, he has a DWI conviction from a while back. For whatever reason, the county never reported it to whatever system, so it doesn't appear on any background checks that are done on him. 

He also never got a college degree. Oh, he went for 5 years, but he never actually graduated. Wasted his parents money all that time, with nothing to show for it. He only needed to re-take one class to graduate, but never actually got around to it. The school has a limit of 7 years (I think) to do that, and in those 7 years, he never managed to re-take the class. Now it's too late, and I don't think he has any desire to do it anyway.

He used to never actually tell people he graduated. He'll just say "I went to University of State." So he never used to actually say he had a degree from Univ. of State, at least not that I heard. About a year ago, he got a pretty great job. No idea how he got it, although I think he sort of knew someone who knew someone else. It's in a field that is sort of tied to what the company I work for does. I'm in a different city, but everyone in this industry kind of knows everyone else, so we have a lot of professional connections. All companies in this field tend to be smaller. Ours are no different, although the company I work for is a pretty major player.

I went to his company's website, and right there, plain as day, is his picture and bio, including a line that he has a Bachelor's Degree in I-Forget-What from University of State. All of that is complete bullshit, so he obviously lied to them.

WIBTA if I told his employer that he doesn't have a degree? Honestly, I don't really care about degrees, but he's just flat-out lying. And frankly, he doesn't deserve this job. He can also be kind of a jerk. For example, he will be completely professional and pleasant when he has to, but as soon as he turns around, he'll laugh about what dumb asses those people are. So everyone thinks he's just awesome, but he's not. He's not even that smart; he just knows how to be charming.My gf and I recently moved in together. Our place is close to her mom's. Ever so often (almost daily) her mom comes here to ask stuff from tissue paper to food items... She works and has enough money to get her own stuff. My gf always gives her without even asking me and I find it really annoying. I mentioned it to her more than once. Am I wrong for telling my gf to tell her no sometimes?I (F18) have 4 roommates (All F18/19)in an apt in college. in the beginning, one of my roommates, A, seemed very sweet, but recently her behavior has changed alot in the past weeks for the worse. 

Against lease rules, she got a male guinea pig as an pet in the middle of January. This is HER pet, meaning she is responsible for all supplies, care, etc. His cage is in her room. I was extremely against this, but my other roommates were on board and I was outvoted. At first, he was well taken care of and given lots of love, attention, etc. But in the past few weeks, this amount of attention has decreased badly.Today, he spent 24 hours in his cage under her bed in the dark with no care given to him until 8pm, and it was from my other roommates, not roommate A. I think this is ridiculous and quite frankly, abuse. when she is confronted, she says “he has water,he has food,he isn’t dead”He does have food and water while under the bed, but I am concerned that it is not enough. I also worry about his health physically and psychologically. 

I also want to call her out for her fat shaming behavior. Roommate A shares a room with roommate B. About 3 weeks ago, A kicked out B, so that she could have a guy she’s “seeing” over to talk. B asked her to keep the visit to 30 minutes, and A obliged. However, B was stuck outside of her room for 3 HOURS. B was getting upset and I stayed w her in the kitchen until midnight. Finally, A comes out to ask B if the guy can stay the night. Already angry that she’s been kicked out, she is uneasy to say yes. However, B avoids fighting at all costs, and agreed after some hesitation. Then, A sees snack wrappers from B on the kitchen table and says “you’re going to get fat, B.” for no reason.B is slim, if not the slimmest girl in the apt. As someone who spent over 8 of the past 12 months restricting my food intake to the point where I lost 40 pounds in those 8 months, this struck a nerve in me (I have since stopped those habits). Im not fat but i am the largest girl in the apt. If she thinks the thinnest girl in the apt is going to get fat for eating a snack, what could she possibly think about me? I know Im not the victim here but hearing a snide comment like that is very triggering and is bringing back unwanted thoughts. I would be lying if I said it hasn’t made me see A differently. It also hurts me deeply to see such a good friend and roommate get insulted for no reason. This is only one example of the many offhanded remarks about appearance she has made. 

I am tired of seeing Roommate A disregard all of our feelings and the guinea pig’s, but I don’t know if i’m just being an asshole or would be one if I attempted to call her out.I'm really proud of my daughter. She goes to a great college and is about to graduate. She did some job interviews and finally settled on one she's really excited about: it pays pretty well, is in her field, is located in a great city and is at a reputable company. She called me this morning to tell me that she had officially accepted the offer and I was happy for her. For some more background: I work in the trades. I have a GED and never went to college, but I always encouraged my daughter in her educational pursuits.

I said "congratulations!" then I asked her whether it was a 1-year contract or just a normal hire.

She told me that there was no contract.

I told her that was a double-edged sword and that it was good that she could leave when she wanted but also that they could fire her and that would be tough if she had already gotten an apartment.

She told me that she wasn't that worried because she was a hard-working employee and the company had been really excited to hire her, as they had a hard time finding people willing to relocate to the city they're located in.

I told her that it's still something to keep in mind and that she should think about things before she signs anything, especially in a hire and fire at will state.

She told me that she was really looking forward to the position and that it was rude of me to immediately bring up being fired.

I got mad at this point. I told her that I wasn't saying that she was going to get fired. I love her and I was just trying to look out for her so I said sarcastically, "Oh yeah, so we should all just sign things blindly without worrying about them." She hung up on me mid-sentence.

I called her back and explained that what I was doing was out of love and that I've been in a lot of contracts in my life and that it's just something to keep in mind.

She told me that it was inappropriate to immediately bring up firing when she was sharing something that she was excited about and that she had thought out really carefully. She also said that when I told her things she didn't immediately tell me how they would go wrong.

I told her that I had started by saying "congratulations," and I was just thinking about the possibilities and that she should too.

She told me that she needed some time to cool off and asked if we could talk later.

I think that I might be the asshole because she wasn't looking for advice and just wanted to tell me something she was excited about.

I think that she might be the asshole because I was just trying to get her to think through things a little more and be responsible.

What do you think?

&#x200B;

Edit with update: I texted her "I'm sorry I upset you. I love you." and she replied "I know that it came out of love. Please understand that I was sharing a piece of good news with you, not because I wanted to doubt my decision, which I have thought about a lot over the past few days, but because I wanted to involve you in the good news. To address your concern: It is extremely rare to find an entry level professional job that has a contract. The ones with 2-year commitments can still fire you if you underperform. The company is going to be investing time and resources into training me and I am a hard worker who learns quickly. I love you."As the title states, I have asked my(29F) husband(31M) to chose between his aunt and me n our kid. This is the same aunt who when I gave birth went around telling everyone that the baby was nit my husband's. She verbally argued with me, my husband and his mom as well. She called everybody names, used racial slurs for me as me and my husband have an interracial marriage. I just found out today that he talked to her couple of days ago. The reason I am so angry is because apart from what she did when I was 1 week into postpartum, is that she has turned my husband's entire family against us. My little boy is turning 11 months in 1 week and not a single person from my husband's family has come to see gim yet leaving aside his mother. So today when I found out, it made me so mad that I told my husband that he has chose between his aunty or me and our baby. AITA foe making him chose, because I feel by talking to her, he  is letting me down.My bf and I have been dating for almost one year. He broke up with his ex right before we met and started dating. They still text everyday and she said they were going to dinner for the son’s birthday. The son is 14, btw. He asked for my opinion and I said do what you think is best for our relationship. They communicate multiple times a day and never had a break up phase where they didn’t speak or see each other. He thinks it’s ok for them to be friends now and that I shouldn’t be selfish about him acting like the father figure to the son or about their continued relationship. I feel that in past relationships, I have decided not to continue to participate in birthdays, holidays, etc. especially when you start dating someone else. 

At first, the son didn’t want to go out for dinner. So, him and I go out to dinner. Once we sit down, the ex tells him they are going to dinner and guilt trips him for not showing up. He pouted the entire time at dinner with me and the rest of the evening. Now, he’s telling me it’s my fault and that the universe agrees that he should’ve gone to dinner with him and not me. He feels like a shitty person and it’s my fault for being selfish. So.... AITA?

Edit: not his biological son. Suggested having dinner alone instead of with the ex. They cancelled plans and then reinitiated them. Not asking him to distance himself from the kid, just the ex girlfriend.I have no clue what study direction to choose. I called my mother to explain the situation to her while I’m doubting between two choices. 

One is far more beneficial than the other if anyone’s interested in that. 

My mother told me that all that matters is the money I will make after finishing the studies. I told her that my well-being is far more important than the financial benefits. 

She began an argument but I hung up. 

AITA?Context: I live in a college dorm and there is a person who has lived on our dorms floor both last year and this year. This person is not liked on the floor due to her poor behavior (singing and shouting at 3 AM, Stealing, and General Entitlement). 

A while ago she stole one of the couch cushions from a common space and everyone knew she did it but nothing could be done about it and she repeatedly lied about having it, shifting the blame and/or subject.

Yesterday, dorm staff found and returned the cushion to the common space after dorm inspections. However, the cushion had stains all over it and was in an extremely sorry state. After some of the floor found out, we started making memes of the situation. We said things such as how gross the state of the cushion was and questioned what the stains were or how they kept lying about them having it.

The memes and laughs were shared for a few hours, until one of the people on the floor who were friends with the thief spoke up to defend them. The defender said “We all knew she had it, we all knew it was in her room lmao. WHO REALLY NEEDED THE PILLOW. Like it’s a pillow.” As well as other things which were the same as the previously mentioned statement.

I guess I’m trying to figure out AITA for making memes about the situation.

EDIT: A WordLong story short, my old friend and her boyfriend rented a room for me and it didn’t end very well and damaged our relationship to the point where it’s pretty much non existent. Apart from a few texts and social media exchanges, I haven’t seen her in six months. She doesn’t make effort to keep up with my life. I attempted to hang out but gave that up pretty quick. I should ask mention that she’s super flaky and is known for leaving her friends on read. I also should mention that my best friend also was friends with her too and has a similar relationship with her. 

Today some important looking mail came for her to my house today. I texted her letting her know. She asked if I could give it to my coworker who she currently lives with. I said that’s fine. She thanked me and asked what I was doing for my birthday this weekend. I was a little shocked because we haven’t talked since October. I haven’t responded because I don’t even know what to say because I’m still hurt about her moving out because it she left me in a bind knowingly when she moved out. I don’t really know if I want her to come out with me for my birthday. Our mutual friend (my best friend) thinks I should leave her on read since that’s what she typically does, but I feel a little bad. So am I the A hole?I work as a ski patroller in Utah. Yesterday while getting off a lift, my coworker (we can call him Chris) threw the bottom of a ski racing gate at me. I was holding my backpack in my left hand and my helmet in my right hand. Out of instinct, I blocked with my right hand, which resulted in a 1 inch crack in the shell of my helmet. 

Now, working in the medical industry, I understand the need for a helmet without any structural concerns. So I need a new one ASAP. That night, I went and purchased a new one with the intent that Chris would be repaying me. Apparently that is an unreasonable request. 

Today started off with Chris completely ignoring me while in the same room and talking over/through me to other coworkers. When I mentioned I expected him to replace it, he told me he would give me $60 at best (the new helmet was $160). When I told him that wouldn’t work and how if the roles were reversed I would be replacing the full amount, he doubled down and told me “No.” He went a step further by mentioning the helmet was usable and this was all a ploy to get a new helmet. Not once has he apologized, but has continued to blame me for using my helmet as a shield. 

So AITA for asking him to fully pay for the broken helmet?This literally just happened. It's mid-afternoon here and I just went to the bathroom in my dorm to hear showers running and two guys having a conversation. 

I'm not prejudiced or anything but having a chat while in the dorm shower where other people can hear you seems like a little much to me.  I told them to shut up and do whatever their business is in private instead of in our shared bathroom. 

One of the guys got into an argument with me about it and I realized that each guy was in his own shower as opposed to two guys in one shower. I told them I'm sorry but they should keep it down. The same guy told me to fuck off cuz "it's the afternoon" 

AITA for wanting some peace and quiet?Hi, to anyone reading. I'm in a bit of a pickle. And I'm very jittery as I'm writing this because of high nerves, so apologies for any bad grammar and possible odd topic jumps.

So, my (17F) parents (38M) (40F) are in the middle of a divorce. Without getting too much into details, she has been almost relentlessly physically, emotionally, and mentally hurtful to everyone. A lot of my insecurities and flaws have stemmed from her treatment towards myself and from watching how she has hurt my siblings.

I've been in therapy thanks to my dad for several months now, and I think it's been incredible but I still need a lot of time to really heal through everything, because there's a lot to cover. My therapist has said that I basically have PTSD and am currently going through the memory recovery process of all the abuse I've seen and endured. Anything can set me off, even minuscule things. It ruins me for a few days before I recover and go back to a okay mindset. Basically, I'm severely depressed, and I still have a long ways to go for a full healing process.

On a related note, my brother has been in the army for the same amount of time now, but in the past couple of weeks he's announced that he is now leaving. Apparently, my brother has been talking to mother a lot, because he's recently texted me out of nowhere asking why I have been no contact with mother, and "What has me this way?" I reminded him that I am basically terrified of her still and I need to work through that with therapy, and reminded him that he was there when she was being horrible to us, so it's not like he wasn't aware at all. I asked him why he was bringing this up at all, and he told me that she has apparently changed! She has cried so much, she's not like that anymore, she just wants to talk! It's been so long since all of "that shit" has happened.

I tell him that's not how it works. I have every right not to speak to her and it's none of his business really if I do or don't. (I forgot to mention that I'm not living in the same house as her, me and my father are both residing at my grandparent's (father's side) house.) I still need to heal and mentioned that I'll need to be in therapy for a lot longer than I thought. I will speak to her when I am ready, and that she needs to go to therapy as well.

He said that she can't afford therapy. He thinks as of right now she is a much better person now. All within five or so months. Apparently I have to talk to her because, in his words, "she may have been extremely shitty a lot but she's still your mother." He said a lot more stuff that was just down playing everything and making me seem like I'm irrational. I really don't feel like repeating everything here. I didn't respond to his text, and haven't spoken to him in general since.

I wish I could explain more, but character limit.

So. AITA for not wanting to speak to, nor forgive my mother?So I came home this evening and greeted my girlfriend. I noticed she was busy sorting through papers looking for something so I decided not to bother her. I figured I could sneak in 15-20 minutes of Counter Strike while she finished up so I jumped on. When she was done her work she came over to kiss me, unfortunately at the exact moment she was trying to kiss me I was in the middle of a fire fight so I instinctively pulled away from her so that I could see what I was doing. I died in the firefight and shut down the game so that I could apologize to her and spend time with her. When I went over to her she didn't want to hear any of it and told me to leave her alone and she is busy. I respected her space and went to clean up and take a shower. She's in the back now while I type this. We haven't talked about it yet.

I understand why she got upset but I don't understand why it has to be a big deal. I feel if the roles were reversed she was in the middle of an integral task she might pull away too. It was a shitty moment but it's not like its happened before, or is likely to happen to again so I don't understand why it needs to be a big deal. I feel like I should be allowed to apologize and move on, but instead she insists on having a fight about it.So my best friend (29m) called me about two hours ago going “hey werbenjagermanjensen, guess where I’m at?” And I’m like “where?” And he’s like “gettin on the one oh one from the one thirty fourrrrrr” and I’m like “shit dude, you mean right down the street? I didn’t know you were comin down man, that’s awesome. What brings you here?” And he tells me he was bored and had an extra day off to take so he made an impromptu trip to where I live. We live about 250 miles apart.

I then ask where he’s staying and he goes “umm. Well hopefully with you!” And I’m like “ummm, yeah.. I don’t think that’s gonna work out this time man.. I kinda need more than ten minutes notice. My place is a wreck, ms werbenjagermanjensen might not be cool with it.. I’m sorry man but I can’t let you stay, it’s just too short of notice and I’ve got too much going on.”

So backstory time. He’s done this before, a few times, and I never minded, and I’ve done the same to him, once. I’m easy going, he’s a real cool best friend, we’ve got a good bromance going on. If I was feeling ok, I wouldn’t have minded. The only problem is that in the last couple years I’ve had a super stressful job and every now and then I get into one of my “moods” 90% of the time, I’m fine. The other 10% is me gettijg way way too stressed about work and life and I end up retreating into one of my “moods”. I get so sick of being around people and talking to them and interacting, I just need to be alone. It’s as if interacting with people gets added to my cup and once the cup gets full from too many interactions, I have to disappear for a little and let my cup empty out. Idk what it is, I don’t want to name it anything, but it happens, and that day happened to be one of my “everyone really needs to leave me alone” days, the whole thing usually just lasts 1-3 days depending. 

Anyways, I didn’t want to tell him that so I just stuck with the “apartments dirty, misses might mind, short notice blabla” and he ended up being really upset considering we’ve done this in the past and it wasn’t an issue, so now I’m really feeling like a shitty friend and a huge dick, but also, like, come on. We’re 30 and I live with my SO, we need more than ten minutes notice that you’re staying the night. AITA here?I'll keep it as basic as possible.

Wife travels halfway across country to see a show and stay a day or two  with a female friend. (friend A) 

Upon returning, within a few weeks she decides to go on a trip to the same show again in a few months but in a different city. That way friend A and now friend B (male) can also go along with with her. 

Here is how it was presented to me:

'Friend A and I are going to go to Philly to see the show again. It's a lot shorter distance for her to drive and we'd be able to bring friend B along too.'

Me: "alrighty.." (sounded fine to me) 

That's all I really heard about it until she bought all the tickets and stuff. 

Then I happened to ask about some of the game plan and was told she'd be staying with friend B, male, for 4/5 days. Friend A would be coming to that city to meet for the show. 


So, I'm a little uncomfortable with that. I feel like if I were told she was going on a trip to hang out with friend B and while there also go see the show again with he and friend A... I'd probably have been more 'non aloof' about it and wouldn't have just said 'alrighty.' 

Is it fair that I'm not completely thrilled about the details of this trip?


Edit:
Requested info

If B lives there then how is she bringing B there in the car?

That's just how this was presented to me. Essentially,
"Friend A and I are going to go see this show in this city and we're taking friend B with us since they live there."

When in reality it appears she is moreso just going to straight up visit friend B and also see the show with friend A one of those days...

Would you have had a problem with her saying she was staying with B?

I'd have less issue with it but it still wouldn't make me entirely comfortable for my wife to go halfway across the country to stay with an internet friend for a week. I have not even met this person, in person.I am 28 and my brother is 25, we have never had the best relationship and just never that close. We fought a lot as kids and such, but that was never worse than kid stuff and I don't remember really ever physically fighting with him. Once I left for college he got pretty pissed cause I didn't come home for thanksgiving or christmas cause we got snowed in and the airport was closed. He got really mad at me over that and avoided me like the plague whenever id come home. When he left for college and wed both come back for the holidays, I apologized for all of what I did and I really thought we were better.

But I guess he thought my apology was bullshit and continues to hold a grudge over kid stuff. He went back to avoiding me, and when I finished up college and stopped showing up and staying at my parents house he just flat out refused to talk to me during the holidays and I would be over. At this point I'm just done with him, I'm tired of him hating me over shit I did when I was like what? 8? almost 20 years ago? My mom has talked to me asking if I would give my brother a call once in awhile and try to patch things up, but every time I call him he just hangs up after a simple "hi" and refuses to talk to me.  I told my mom that I have already apologized and if he wants to stay resenting me then that is his choice and I'm done trying to make amends for stuff I did more than 10 years ago.  AITA?Idk if any of my club uses reddit but we’ll see. I (F16) am Co-President of a club at my school. We have our  annual showcase coming up on Friday (two days from now). A member of the club (F16) came to our rehearsal today and started helping with lighting in the auditorium (even though she was not asked and we already have a designated light person). 

It was fine at first because she wasn’t really doing anything major with lighting. When our dance group came to rehearse, she started trying to do fancy lighting tricks with a white backdrop. 

The choreographer said that it was fine without all of that stuff and the plain backdrop was good because it fit the performance ( the lighting wasn’t working out too well anyway). My Co-President (F18)  and I told the club member that we don’t need her to do any of the fancy light stuff, but she kept insisting that she could make it blue, even though now three different people (including the choreographer) are telling her that they don’t want/need it that way and they like it better white. 

It turned into sort of a heated argument (My Co-President and I were arguing with the club member and the theater teacher, who yelled at us because “(club member) knows more about lighting then you do so you should just let her do what she wants”). Club member kept repeating that she could make the lighting “better” even though we told her it was fine how it was. 

Club member then says “So I don’t get to put any creative input into this?” This really made me mad because 1. She wasn’t even asked to be in control of lighting and 2. She was obviously doing this to take control of something and make things go her way/prove herself, even though there was no need. So I told her that she didn’t have to come to the showcase at all ( and later said “Don’t come!”).

My Co-President and another club member told me I was wrong for saying that, and now the whole board is being rude/ignoring me. 

AITA?During the last days of my parents' marriage for some reason mum bought a cat. This cat lived with the family for a year, then parents started divorcing, dad moved out, then mum moved in with a boyfriend and i lived in the family home alone for two years with this cat. (I was in my late teens, all my bills were paid for me, and food bought.) 

I grew very attached to the cat, i love her very much. After two years i went away to uni and couldnt bring her, she went to live with mum and her bf (now husband). 

4 years later and I'm back and living with mum temporarily while i find a place. cat is still with mum. Initially im fine with her staying there but now i have doubts.

She is a house cat but mum likes to let her out in the back garden 'just for a few minutes while i keep an eye on her'. She usually just chills outside for a little bit then scratches to be let in. But mum is getting forgetful and several times the cat has been locked out overnight. 
She has also jumped over the back gate a couple times and couldnt get back. 

Stepdad is not a cat person and acts coldly towards her, ignores her, complains about and insults her. 

Ive asked mum about me taking cat when i leave but she says firmly no. 

Tonight i get dropped home late and cat was out the front (where she never goes as we live on a main road) underneath my car. I wouldnt have seen her if i hadnt detoured to my car to fetch something. She was cold and terrified when i brought her inside. God knows how long she'd been out there.

i no longer trust mum and stepdad to look after her properly however she is technically mum's cat bought by her and mum loves her. WIBTA if i insist on taking cat with me when i leave?Long story short, our AC unit went out (25) years old unit knew this day would come. My father calls and states the cost is of the new unit with installation will be around $4K needs me to do it under my name to finance it...I said absolutely not I don't want it tied to my name I'll gladly put the down payment and contribute monthly,but do not want a loan under my name... even with not so great credit (HIS)if you put a down payment of a $1K they'll finance the rest no?

Edit : I do live with them, I had a recent let down recently with this parent about $1400 that wasn't paid back ( I'm supposed to take it on the chin) I get it I live here, they are parents,but I do contribute. He also refuses to disclose finances / spendings.  If this parent showed a track record of sticking to their word I wouldn't hestiate, but when it comes to finances he isn't so great. I love my parents and it pains me to say NO. I feel like I should've said sure and see if everyone contributes monthly ( that's what was proposed) if not then I'm stuck paying it...  Our arguments are always 99% about money whether it's me and him or him with my mother...Sorry for the formatting, I’m on mobile 


For backstory, My schools greedy af so I needed to pay $135 to be apart of the spring musical and if i didn’t pay I would fail my Technical Theater class by default bringing my GPA down a fuck ton. 

My family’s kinda tight on money, since my dad just refuses to work but likes to buy shit, so I don’t have $135 just laying around.
I usually do all the light cleaning in my house (vacuuming and mopping mostly) so my plan was to deep-clean the house for $100 and cover the rest with my lunch money. 
My mom agreed when my dad had gone off to wherever with my moms money cause he’s an asshole.
While he has gone I c l e a n e d the house; I vacuumed, I mopped, I scrubbed the bathtub, the walls, the stove, I cleaned the sinks, the toilets, the oven, the microwave. I even reorganized the cabinets, fridge and bathroom. I got rid of the spiders behind the coach and the TV and under the chairs. I put out traps for ants and roaches. Cleaned the pet bowls, Washed the dog. Essentially I went the full 9-yards. 

However, when my little sister told my dad that I would be getting $100 he raced his ass over here and told my mom not to do it. My mom said that I should get it because I spent forever cleaning the house but he started saying that I clean the house anyway and shouldn’t be getting paid for things I do in the first place. The money is due next Monday and it’s been such a big deal in my house that I think that Id rather take the blow to my GPA then risk my mom losing her citizenship sponsor and having to move back to France without us. 

(My dad has maybe around 450,000 in his bank account, He just refuses to use it on anything, even his family, so it’s not that he really needs the $100)I forgot to bring my book to English class and my teacher (who is a total ice queen who has admitted to disliking me) was about to give me a zero because I forgot to bring it. It was exactly what she expected from me and she was right. 

But my friend was not at school today. She has every book for the entire year in her locker alon with non-perishable snacks and random necessities. 

So I did what most grade-worshipping high schooler would do. I told my teacher that I left the book in my locker and then swiped the book from my friend’s locker. I used it in class, and because my friend was sick with pneumonia for a couple days, I was able to get my shit together and become prepared for English class. 

My friend was upset at first, but I explained that I didn’t write in or dog-ear the book and that I returned it right after class. My other friend, who is also in my English class and knew exactly what I was doing when I went to “my” locker, has called me an asshole for takin the book and not accepting the 0. I get that the righteous thing to do would be to admit that I didn’t bring it and let the teacher (who would be all too happy to give it) give me a 0 right before the quarter ended, but I am proud of myself for thinking on my feet and getting the issue solved.

I don’t think I’m a total asshole, but I do wish I thought to text my friend for permission or something. But I’m not about to confirm to my snobby teacher that I did fail at something yet again and I confirmed her suspicions that I am irresponsible. 

Tl;dr I borrowed my friend’s book for a class to avoid getting a 0 from a teacher. My other friend thinks I should have taken full responsibility and the 0 instead.I feel like I’ve already answered my own question, but the answer I’ve given myself still seems wrong. I’m having a moral dilemma. For context, I was raised by my grandmother, so she’s essentially my “mom.”

My dog passed away. She was also relatively young, so her sudden illness (kidney disease, not sudden, but unpronounced until it suddenly and rapidly progressed) came as quite a shock. She was a sweetheart and everyone’s favorite dog because all she wanted was to gently love on everyone. My grandmother loved my dog a lot. Like, a lot, a lot. For example, she also got her birthday cards with money and nice Christmas presents. My other relatives have dogs that do not receive this type of treatment. They were close. 

Unfortunately, around the same time, my great grandmother passed away. She was obviously incredibly old (I’m nearing 30, so. Most great grandparents die when people are children or teens, but up until this week I somehow had 3.) she’s been sick for awhile, so this is something we were all expecting. 

I haven’t had the heart to tell my grandmother over the phone that our girl has passed. It seems like something you do in person. I don’t really live close by, so I’ve been holding off for a few days and had planned to stop by this week to deliver the news and offer comfort. Unfortunately the only time we’ll be able to visit is the same day as my great-grandma’s funeral. I can’t decide if telling her tomorrow will be piling on after a really hard day or if it’s better so that she can grieve all at once rather than be put back down after she’s made her way farther through the grieving process. It seems disrespectful to hide something like this, but it also seems wrong to pile onto my grandmother when she’s already upset over the death of her mother. 

Sorry if I seem like I’m rambling. 

TLDR; Dog and great grandma died within days of each other. Dog and reg. Grandma were close. Grandma doesn’t know about dog death. Do I pile on and let her mourn everyone at once or wait and let her know later to soften the blow?I got a deck of cards from Bicycle, and it came with an extra card which was just a cool extra piece of art or something. Now, I enjoy a good game of cards with my mates during lunchtimes and stuff & one of them suggested we use the picture card and have it do something special. The rules that we tried were badly though out and didn't really fit with the game. There was also the strange edge case of "oh yeah, what if one of us has been dealt the picture card." which was a while entire problem within itself.
After we played a couple of games i said "I'm taking the picture card out. It doesn't work and it makes game kinda worse for just existing." and one of my mates said "i kind if like it so we should keep it."
What followed was me saying "fuck it. the rules just don't work and none of us can think of good ones to begin with." which ended with me dramatically tearing the card into small pieces. It's my deck of cards and I can do what i want.
The whole mood kinda dampened after that but there was only 5 minutes left of lunch anyway.
AITA?My brother found a pair of used briefs. The problem is that they're Gildan. I wear Fruit of the Loom. My brother wants to go through my entire room because he thinks I'm lying. But it's insane to me that he thinks he knows what I wear, over somebody who actually wears my clothes. I told him that, and he claims I'm just embarrassed. I told him that even if it was mine, I wouldn't let him go through my clothes because that's an invasion of privacy. He said I'm way too private about dumb stuff, but I can't even trust him when he goes through my mail and emails and lies about it. And my friends think I'm being paranoid. AITA? It's my house, and he's a tenant, so I'm fairly sure I can decide if he's allowed to search my things.Weird story but i'm gonna make it short and simple. My friend has been seeing this guy (let's call him jospeh) Jospeh for about two years now. My friend sometimes has the tendency to be socially weird. Some of her tendency irked me in the past but we talked about it like grown ups, and we both adapted to each other to give each other space and patience for our tendencies to keep the balance in our friendship afloat.

The main point of the story is about her 'fuck buddy' Joseph, for about two years now she's been barely telling me anything about Joseph, and I respected her secrets. The only thing she told me would be little snip bits of information like "I've had lunch with Jospeh" or "I went out for dinner with Jospeh". The issue was what was once every two weeks became once every two days. She tried to see some guys here and there while going out with him, but eventually it would always end up back to Jospeh. After a year of this open relationship she starting sleeping and staying more at his house, going on long romantic vacations multiple times in a year. She would take him over to her family for dinner and Christmas. They would basically do all things a normal boyfriend and girlfriend would do. But from time to time I would say something like how is your boyfriend doing? by accident, and she would get a bit upset about it, and tell me it isn't her boyfriend. which is cool. But very odd at the time, while 2 minutes later she would for example tell me that Jospeh and her have been looking for wedding dresses just for funzies.

And now the story brings us to last week. After two years me and my girlfriend are going to meet Jospeh for the first time. We were going to watch a movie and then have dinner as a double date. We meet up, Jospeh and we hit it off, find out we have a lot in common, and then proceed to know more about each other. The movie went smoothly we all enjoyed it. Eventually we went for dinner, Joseph and I were having a discussion about simple politics, when my girlfriend squealed and I asked what was up?She told me that Jospeh and my friend were going to live together and they bought a house already.I told them congratulations, and gave Jospeh a hand and told him "you're going to have a great future together." Jospeh just smiled, and thanked me. But I could see my friend was upset.We talked a bit, until my friend pulled me aside, and told me that they were not boyfriend and girlfriend, I explained to her that I felt i was weird not to put a label on it when you bought a house together to live in, I mean I understand if you want a polyamorous relationship, but at least tell me, cause it seems you want to keep it very mono with Jospeh. She just told me to shut up about it. I apologized and left it at that. Afterwards I told my girlfriend, and she basically told me to respect her wishes, and just leave it as it is.

AITA:for calling my friends 'fuck buddy' her boyfriend, presuming they were after buying a house to live in  together?TL;DR: Depressed coworker refuses help and makes work harder for our coworkers. She lashed out at everyone who helped her and I want to end the friendship because of it, AITA?

I've worked with a girl for 4 months, we hit it off well at first, but lately her mental illnesses and, honestly, some very questionable choices have made her a mess, and her work performance has horribly dropped.

She disappears to cry for at least an hour per shift, she didnt show up to some shifts, never finishes a task so the rest of us have to clean up behind her. No other coworkers talk to her outside of work because her performance makes everyone unhappy with her. More than one of us have spoken to our boss and HR being concerned about her, but nothing has happened to our knowledge.

The big thing that made me want to stop talking to her is at 2 AM one night she hits the group chat asking everyone if anyone cares enough about her that she should stay in state. These are 7 month long friendships max. I had a bad.day myself and wasn't interested in coddling her at the time. I've also baught her food, given her rides, let her sleep on my couch, let her vent at me, try to give her advice. No one kissed her neediness to her liking, so she said she was going to leave.

I called her out on being emotionally manipulative, and that she essentially said fuck you to everyone that did show her kindness and care. I stopped talking to her for a week and a half after this, I dont want to waste energy helping someone that doesnt help their self and makes me feel bad for the few times I'm not emotionally available. 

We talked again the other day because she asked why everyone avoids her, and I was honest. She expects a bit much from casual friendships she has blown out of proportion, she seems to make things worse for herself, and the biggest problem is her work as become horrible and that makes everyone elses job harder. I ended the conversation saying we are still friends, but that I need some space. I honestly dont even want to be friends anymore, she is so exhausting. Of course I'll be polite at work. WIBTA for ending this friendship, and if so how should I go about it?My fiancé has several food issues, but this one really gets to me. Today I was making his lunch, which was a frozen portion of a meal we had last month that was just killer. I knew he doesn't like reheated meals, but I was trying to kill 2 birds with one stone: make his meal and have some for myself too 😂

I was trying to get it all packed up before he saw me but he walked by when I was doing it and gave his look of disgust (one of the other things that drives me nuts). He says he has "never eaten a frozen meal in his life" (despite eating tons of prepackaged frozen junk) to which I said that's a little pretentious of him; it's like he's "too good" to eat leftovers.

I grew up eating leftovers (my mom made dinner from scratch at least 5 days a wk) and think some foods are particularly good when reheated. It also makes meal prep for work lunches super simple.

AITA or is he?

Edit1: I did ask him prior to taking it out of the freezer if he wanted it, to which he replied "probably, I'll think about it." So I made it for him anyways because 1) he constantly complains about having to eat out when he doesn't have something from home and 2) because i was getting some for myself for lunch. I hurried when he came up because I didn't want to "remind" him it was frozen and listen to him complain.

Edit2: I also told him if he wasn't going to eat it, not to take it to work and just throw it away. Just leave it for me and I'll eat it.

Edit3: He has no medical conditions that would cause this. Other bothersome behaviors he has include:

- making faces of disgust & judgemental comments about the foods I eat which most people would consider normal (like seafood or cottage cheese for ex) WHILE I'm eating them and he does NOT have to eat them

- needing meats cooked to the point they are dry because he is constantly worried they are undercooked, even when I've ensured they are by taking the temperature

- refusing to eat foods from other cultures

- will mostly eat only fried, prepackaged, dry things (think bread, pizza, chips, etc)

- doesn't like sauces, marinades, dressings, etc

UPDATE: I have never heard about ARFID, but I am going to look into it to see if it could be applicable. Thanks for the comments!(throwaway)

Ok I know that title sounds a bit messed up, but hear me out! My gf(23) and I (m26) have been dating for like two years now, but have been living together for about one. Our schedules are also a bit conflicting, but we make it work. She goes to school on what is basically a night shift and I'm a normal day person. So that means she's going to bed at like 7 in the morning when she gets home from classes and wakes up at 5 in the evening. This can vary depending on her schedule. My schedule is also sometimes a bit wack, but I'm still a day person. So usually since my gf gets home around 10 in the evening, she usually ends up playing on her ps4 to unwind or is on her pc since she won't be sleeping for another 6 hours.

Thing is, that's all she does when she gets home. At first, I thought it was fine, it wasn't like she was holing herself up away from the world. But the longer we've lived together the more I've realized just how long she's on her pc. When she has days off or vacations, she spends her entire day on it. When I asked her once if maybe she could get off it, she brushed me off and said she has to work. Her "job" is that she does digital art and does online commissions, and while it does bring in some good money, I still don't consider that a real job, since all she does is draws all day.

So finally after all these months of her just being on her computer and practically ignoring me, I told her how I felt and told her that her being on her pc all day has made her a different person than when I met her and since we're a couple, she shouldn't be focusing all her time on her pc stuff. When I told her this, she got defensive and told me I need to calm. She also "reminded" me that she has work on her pc and that's how she helps pay for our bills. She then told me that she's sorry if I felt neglected, but that it's not her fault that people want "degenerate art". I then told her that she needs to start managing her schedule so that she's not always on her pc. She got mad at me for saying that and left the house before it could get more heated, but not before calling me an asshole and a few other words. A few hours later her friend messaged me and told me she came to her crying because I had gotten mad at her for "essentially trying to pay for our bills." Her friend also told me to apologize, but I said I won't till gf apologizes first. AITA for this?Ok, I (43f) got a laser surgery in my mouth about 2 years ago. During the surgery, the surgeon messed up and burnt my lip. He didn’t apologize and simply said “You’re fine, it happens all the time.” I didn’t think much of it, but it did hurt. 

I got home and looked in the mirror where the laser hit  and it was horribly burnt and swollen. I called my dermatologist and told them what happened (I have very sensitive skin.) My dermatologist is one of my friends, and she urged me to sue them or write a review. I’ve never been the type to make a big deal out of things, but I was really pissed. (She gave me a prescription to sooth the burning pain, which helped a lot.)

Present day, and there is now a white scar on where I had been burnt. It was VERY noticeable even though it’s a bit small, although it has faded overtime. I can’t help and think about what he said-‘This happens all the time.’ Therefore indicating that this has happened to other people as well. I’m still really pissed about the whole thing, more or less how he didn’t even apologize, and I’m considering suing them (at least writing a bad review.)

;WIBTA for suing my surgeon?The title is self-explanatory. So, I (M19) and my best friend, Danielle (F18) go to the same college. We want to live together, so we opted-in to a co-ed suite, on-campus. We decided to ask our other two friends (not relevant) to live with us. 
However, one of our friends, Kayla (F19), asked to live with us, out of nowhere. Another one of our friends, Samantha (F19), who is the subject of this story, also hinted at wanting to live with us.
Samantha can be loud, annoying, and aggressive with how she acts towards us. She's intruded on personal and private moments between Danielle and I, and has tried to make our friendship a trio when Danielle and I have known each other since elementary. She gets mad and jealous easily, and she even got upset at my friend and I leaving to our hometown without her (she's from India, she's never been to America before this) She also had problems before with her old roommates, as she was loud and disrespected their feelings, and I feel like she would disrespect us as well, since her old roommates and my future roommates are similar in personality. She has made Danielle and I not want to take classes with her, and made me not want to be around her at times.
Kayla, on the other hand, is so sweet and quiet, so we said yes to her, but we kinda shut down Samantha when she would hint at it. Samantha said she had other options, but I know she'd be hurt if she found out Kayla is living with us, and that we rejected her.
The real dilemma is that Samantha and Kayla are practically best friends, and one of the other two people living with us is friends with Samantha, so it's most of her friends living in one single suite without her. Danielle and I feel bad for excluding her, but our friendship with Samantha remains on a very thin strand, so we rather not risk living with her and it being a nightmare.
So, reddit, are we the assholes??

TL;DR: We told our friend that she can't live with us, but we decided to let her friend live with us.I (33M) live with my mom who is in her mid sixties.  We previously had a cordial if not exactly friendly relationship with our next door neighbor.  This has usually meant friendly hellos and smalltalk when we happened to run into each other when throwing out the trash or picking up the mail.

My neighbor lives with his wife and kids and keeps dogs as pets.  He's the type of pet owner that basically leaves his dogs outside for most if not all of the day.  We know this because the dogs basically bark up a storm nonstop whenever we make any sort of movement in the back yard or walk by the side door and I have never known the dogs not to be there.  We're mostly ok with this as we don't spend a ton of time in the back yard and we don't hear the dogs from inside our house.

To the issue at hand - my mom is a registered nurse who works relatively early morning in the morning.  She gets picked up at around 5:45-6am every morning via carpool to go to work.  A few weeks ago, while on her way out to the carpool, she noticed my neighbor's side gate was open but was in a hurry to get to work and didn't think much of it.  Unfortunately, while the carpool van was backing out of the driveway, it ran over one of my neighbor's dogs.  The dog was quickly rushed to the vet but ultimately didn't make it.  Our neighbor was understandably devastated and we totally empathize with him as we have cats and we keep them mostly indoors for fear of the same thing happening.

After his dog's death, our neighbor approached us and asked either us or someone associated with the carpool to pay for the vet bills.  He clearly blamed his dog's death at least partially on us and thought that someone should take responsibility.  We told him we were sorry about what happened to his dog but we didn't feel as though it was our responsibility since a) it was on him to make sure his dog was secure and b) my mom wasn't the one driving the carpool.  The carpool driver also said that my neighbor was at fault for not keeping track of his dog so he didn't want to help pay either.  It's clear at this point that our neighbor basically hates us for what happened to his dog and that probably won't change but I think us saying no to helping pay his vet bills made things much worse.  Now he doesn't even make eye contact with us when we see him and has started erecting a large fence between our property and his.

So are we TA for not agreeing to help him with his vet bills?

EDIT:

Some more details.  Yes it happened recently so it is the winter and at 6am, it was dark outside.  My mom was not driving the car so obviously we have to take the word of the driver but he says he checked his back and side mirrors before setting off and didn't see anything.  I couldn't tell you the precise breed of the dog but I would say it was a medium-small sized dog - perhaps around the size of a cocker spaniel.  Some commented that we should have put the driver and neighbor in touch which we did.  The driver didn't want to pay and told him why but it was also a bit of an odd situation because our neighbor apparently did not want to meet up in person to talk about it because he didn't want to actually see the person who ran over his dog in person again.I put up a kindle for sale on the Facebook marketplace, for £10. I had one person message me interested, and offered to come meet me on Friday afternoon (tomorrow), I said ok that's fine. A couple of hours later someone else messaged me asking it's availability, I said I had someone coming to buy it tomorrow for the asking price, they then offered to meet me in 5 minutes and buy it for £17. I am desperate for money at the moment so I said yes, they got to me in 5 minutes and bought it from me

The original lady who was interested got very pissy with me saying I should have "done the right thing" and "honoured the sale" and saved it for her to buy for the asking price. I told her it didn't work like that and if was obvious I would sell it for s higher price pretty much instantly.

Am I the asshole?  


Edit: Spelling and grammarThere is a new true crime documentary about a horrific child abuse case. My partner loves true crime documentaries and i am certain his algorithms will suggest the limited series. We share an account but use different profiles. WIBTA if I “hide” the show from him? (I guess you can do this with the thumbs down option?) 

My reasoning is that he works in social services and it’s a very emotionally draining job that he takes really hard and seriously, and I know he’ll feel compelled to watch and will drive himself crazy with the failures of the system and the social workers. 

I am worried this would make me TA because of invasion of privacy, but i worry about his wellbeing.My boyfriend found an e-girl who looks just like a close friend of ours, and he's been keeping raunchy, naked pictures of her on his phone, about a dozen or so. I don't usually mind when he keeps porn ( he has a lot of it), but it feels disrespectful for him to keep pictures of naked girls that look like our friends.

I've told him a number of times that I feel uncomfortable with what he's doing, but he says he no longer sees these e-girls as our friends, and that its non of my business and that I shouldn't be going through his phone. The problem is that it's so easy to spot these pictures when I'm looking at regular photos that he takes of us because these nude pics are in the main picture folder of his phone.

Am I crazy for asking him to delete the photos? Not only is it uncomfortable, but I'm worried that our friend might accidentally see these pictures and that it would ruin our friendship. Am I the asshole here?So my friend, Amy, came out to me a few months back. She hadn’t told anyone and I was the only one who knew until Saturday night, when she decided to come out to our whole friend group. I didn’t tell anyone there that I already knew, I didn’t think it mattered. I just congratulated her along with everyone else and it was a good time. She told us that she had come out to her family a few nights prior, and that she was openly out now and actually going on a date with a girl this Friday.

Well, anyways, my boyfriend was watching tik toks this morning and one that had to do with gay friends came on and he made a comment that he had never met a lesbian before. I told him that he probably has (definitely, since he knows my friend) and just didn’t know it. And he said “I think I would know” and kinda laughed. So I said, “well Amy just came out the other night. So that’s one you didn’t know”. He was super shocked and asked me if I was surprised and I said “not really, I already knew” and he asked how I knew and I told him that she came out to me months ago. When I said that, he instantly got insulted, and told me that I was lying to him. I told him that I never lied, and that it was none of his business, but he says that he doesn’t have any secrets from me and that I should have told him. The thing is, it wasn’t my secret to tell, so to me, I feel like I would have had no right to tell him, even though I know he wouldn’t tell anyone else and wouldn’t act differently towards my friend. AITA for keeping this from my boyfriend?

The only reason I even said anything now is because my friend said she was openly out and didn’t care who knew it.Posting on mobile so sry in advance

So I'll try to keep this short and sweet (hopefully)

Me and my best friend (K) have known each other for about 10 years. Ever since primary school and through out highschool we have been attached at the hip. People even get us confused sometimes just because we hang out so much. When we applied for the highschool we both attend now we had this whole 2000 step plan on how we would apply to the same school once we made it that far.

At the time (K) was the only person I liked to be around. I'm fairly reserved and keep to myself. That is until I met my now girlfriend of two years.
Now here's where I may be the asshole.
For months (K) has been excited about finally starting the app process and talking about hopefully being room mates and things like that.
I'm excited too but I told (K) about 6 months ago I was thinking of applying out of state because my girlfriend will likely be doing that.
Now my other friend says this is a asshole move because (bros Before ****)
And everyone assumes we are being naive and won't last.
When (K) heard this news they were shocked and said that I was being a asshole and other hurtful stuff. (K) said if we couldn't last long distance we probably weren't meant to be.
I'll admit this pissed me off and I yelled that it was stupid to think we would actually be accepted into the same college and that I was a kid when I said that,things change. They thought I wasn't being serious when I brought it up months ago and said "I thought you guys would have broken up by now"


So Reddit AITA for going back on this promise and trying to be with my gf rather than my long time best friend?Im on mobile so bear with me.
Im not entirely sure if I’m acting like a brat, so here we go. 
So me and my bf wanted a switch and we saw one at GameStop that I absolutely adored, it’s the Pokémon edition and it was a used one (so a bit cheaper) He told me we don’t had enough money and I was a bit sad about that. I went to work and when I came back he surprised me with it, he bought it when I was gone. I was soooo happy, I’m a little bit short on money and he said it’s okay when I give him the money in the next couple months, which I didn’t fussed about at all, I just reminded him that I couldn’t give him the money this month (it’s also almost over so yeah) 
Today we had a cool day planned, I came back from an appointment and we wanted to just chill and play some games. Out of the sudden he tells me that he would like to keep the switch his, I’m allowed to use it, but he wants it to be his only. 
I just think it’s not nice of him to buy „us“ the switch that I wanted so badly (and he doesn’t even likes Pokémon that much- I love it) gives me the amount of money I owe him and now he doesn’t wants to share it anymore, so I have to ask before I use it and I can’t take it with me to my parents place (me&bf are living together) to play with my little sister or some friends and it’s bugging me very much.
Now I’m sitting in the living room not talking to him and he acts like I’m overreacting.
Am I the a-hole/brat here?

Edit: maybe I should add that we talked about buying one beforehand; I don’t have enough money to buy a new one myself and he doesn’t actually has the money either, so we agreed on splitting the cost and sharing it. Then we thought about getting a used one.

Edit2: im 21 & he is 22, I actually have a better paying job than him (but he has much better savings tho),but since I’m a trainee I also have more expenses like books,knifes, buscard etc. but we still split every bill completely equally. 
And we’ve been living together for 7 months now and this will also not destroy our relationship, I’m upset about it and I just wanted to know if I’m the asshole. I’ll probably buy one myself, I still think it’s not nice of him tho.coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink 

it was ur dad by the way i cant wait to do it again. i found him newr my house i grabbed him and pull him close i smooched him right on the cheeks and then the lips j love him already

i dont regret doing what i did ever and i guess its not morally
correct but i dont give a poopoo 
coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink coca cola energy drink 

none of u sre intelligent people alsoAlright so hear me out. I know that sounds bad, but I don't think it is.

First of, some background info: I'm (15M) in a wheelchair due to a disability and go to school on a special ed bus. Most people are chill and you wouldn't even notice they're special ed. However, there is this girl who obsesses over any person she talks to (tries to hug, high five, or say she has a crush on them, etc). This isn't part of her mental disability though and teachers scold her for it.

So, I met her my freshmen year when she sat with me and a friend she knew. I knew right then she would be problematic when she started crying when the friend left for a while. Once she stopped she started to talk to me and ask for a high-five. I was nice and agreed and said yes when she asked if we were friends. She was obnoxious at times but I only saw her at lunch every now and then.

Fast forward to this year. I had joined art club and weeks later she had two. She's always accompanied by a teacher so I didn't have to worry. Always, except in the bus. She started to talk to me and I would reply to not be rude. After a while she started saying things like, "I have a crush on (me)" and "Will you protect me forever?" I asked her to stop. The next week she continued and I told her we weren't friends and to not talk to me (I had already tried nicely previous times). She started crying and I got off the bus. It took her a month or two (with lots of insults from her part) but eventually she stopped. I thought that was the end of it.

Semester two started and my schedule got changed. I had adaptive P.E with no other than her. Her first words entering the class were "ugh he's here". I ignored it and went about my day. she kept ignoring me for a few weeks but then started trying to be friends again. I didn't let her till yesterday out of hope it'd be different. Since yesterday she has : 

1. told the teacher I'm her school brother
2. told a student she has a crush on me
3. tried to high-five and touch me many times
4. asked my friend from a different gym to tell me to give her a high-five

Monday I am planning on letting her know what she is doing wrong things that I don't like and tell her I no longer want to be friends. 

AITA if I do it?

p.s. Yes I know how childish this sounds but I don't know what to do.Or more accurately, are we the assholes? 

My partner and I recently got engaged. We're in our mid 20s, and have been living independently for years now. They don't talk to their parents ever; their parents were very abusive when they were a kid, and they eventually moved out and into my parents house when we were about 19/20. 

Their parents have been sending them cards lately (addressed to their old name and using the wrong pronouns) acting as though everything is okay. They haven't spoken to their parents in over a year, the last contact was saying basically "please don't email me anymore"

My parents think we need to tell my partners parents that we're engaged. My parents have always been extremely supportive of us both, and I think they just don't understand how someone can be abusive? My mom is really wonderful, but she does tend to defend my partners parents more than I can really get behind. My mom made us tell my partners parents when my partner graduated with a top class degree for example (we left a text to speech voicemail), and insists that my partners parents really do love them.

My mom says I don't understand what it's like to have kids (which is fair), and that any parent would want to know their child was engaged even if they didn't support it. I think it would open my partner up to more trauma and abuse to have any contact with their parents again, though obviously it's their choice in the end.

So reddit, AITA?Hello! I'll try to be brief.

Friend (28F) let's call her *Jade* was spoiled financially from age 12 to 18 by father and developed habits of eating out, eating premade stuff, never cooked, best brands of candy every day. At 18 dad cut her off (he and the mother are divorced), and now for past 10 years she's struggling with meeting ends working part time jobs. This year it hit really hard since her government-welfare ended. Now, she, her mom, and her brother (18M) are living from mom's 300 eur salary. Jade by being really picky with food is actually starving. She claims that she needs about 7 euros per meal that she would eat. She refuses to cook and now, they don't even have a stove to cook on, just microvawe.

Me (24F) I grew up in a bit more financially responsible family and we barely eat out, we cook at home and usually bring meals to work, ect. Despite meeting ends well, I manage to make a "price" of meal about 2-3 euros. It is simple but healthy food, usually rice or buckwheat + some meat, eggs, bread, vegetables. It doesn't even get that repetetive for me even though the meals do look absolutely basic. 

Well, Jade, being my friend for 11 years, has been opening up and complaining lately, a lot. She actually is starving. She said lack of chocolate drives her crazy, and that she barely eats anything at all because mother doesn't give her money to eat (and she doesn't like to eat what mom buys). She asked for help.

I offered dark chocolate since we have a lot at home. *Rejected.* I offered to cook to her rice, buckwheat, eggs, give her vegetables, fruit, bread. *Rejected.* I kept offering help and she said I'm offering her food that she "doesn't like" and if I want to help I should give her cash. I do want to help her, but not in cash, since she would spend it in 2 days what I could make food for 1 week with the same amount. I was offering healthy stuff that I eat myself, but it is not good enough to her. Well, I snapped and said "let me know when poverty and starvation lowers your standards". AITA?With my tax return money i was planning on getting a few things, and building a computer was one of them. My S/O has a list of things we were getting, and we calculated and split the money up accordingly. I saw no issue, put my computer parts in a list, and waited.

My money came Ina few days ago, and when I went to tell my S/O I was going to spend less than what I calculated (thanks to sales and stuff), she told me that it's last on the list, and unimportant. I was kinda shocked at first, but I get why it would be a low priority.

Fast forward to today, and I find out she's been over her budget on things on her list, and she admitted that's why she wanted me to wait. After finding this out I told her not to touch the money. I've been thinking it over, and we still are ahead on some things, and I told her I'm buying my parts now instead of later.

Of course this led to a fight, and I was called an asshole for using the reasoning of "you spent more than you should have and are punishing me for it." So I wanted to know, WIBTA If I got my computer earlier than planned?

Edit: I'm a big dum dum, and didn't provide enough info. So here it is:

We knew how much I'd get back in mid January, and we made our list then. 3k for a car for me, 1k for repairs and such on hers, 2k put into my 401k, 1k for household items (cleaners and such), 500 for groceries, 2k for her to blow, and 1.5k for my computer.Last weekend I had a birthday party, and a bunch people were invited. Some of them even came from far away and were spending the weekend at my place. 

Before the party started, my boyfriend & a couple of the guys were watch basketball & thought it'd be fun to drink for every 3-pointer. While the guys were just downing beers, my boyfriend was taking tequila and whiskey shots. 

By the time the party finally started and everyone else showed up, my bf was already drunk but drank some more with the newcomers. Barely an hr in, he was hammered. He started tripping over himself and falling everywhere, and if people tried to help him up, he would push and throw punches at them. It took at least 4 guys to bring him to bed and essential sit on him and hold him down until he fell asleep. In the process, he threw up all over the couch, bed, floor, etc. He has always been an aggressive drunk so this is nothing new. He once broke a chair, punched a hole through the wall, showed up at the gastropub where i worked drunk and demanded more alcohol until he was asked to leave.

I was used to it, but I was still pissed. This was my party!! He was supposed to be taking care of me instead of the other way around. My friends tried to cheer me up and after a while I forgot about him and spent the rest of the night having fun with my friends then went to sleep in the guest bedroom.

Next morning, I went out to eat with the friends that were staying over. I texted my boyfriend and asked if he woke up yet, but he didn't respond so I decided to take my friends around my city. When I came home a few hrs later, he had cleaned up most of the house and told me he was upset that I just went out with my friends and while he was stuck at home with the mess that he had to clean up. My friends were only in town for a couple of days and I wanted to make the most of it. But I do feel bad for not helping. AITA?Preface with, I (25) love my sister (23) as much as you can love a little sister who is completely opposite you in every way. She means well most of the time, but she’s erratic, immature (despite being only 2 years younger than me), and we disagree on basically everything we have ever discussed.

I know MOH is normally reserved for the bride’s sister if she has one, and I don’t want to make a big family drama, but I also know MOH has a lot of responsibilities when it comes to planning and helping keep the bride de-stressed. My sister knows literally nothing about what I like or would like, or me for that matter so I’d have to hold her hand through all of it which really defeats the purpose. She also is a huge source of stress for me, even in regular conversation so I can only imagine when planning events for my wedding.

I’ve had the same best friend since I was 2 years old, and I’ve always said I’d want her to be my MOH. We are very much the same person, her family is mine and vice versa (call each other’s parents mom & dad), and I would have no problem trusting her 100% with planning events and de-stressing me and just being THERE through all the crazy. Plus a good portion of my stress is going to come from my mom, and my sister and I never agree on issues related to her plus she lives with my mom so anything I complained about would just get told back to my mom🙄

I still want my sister in the bridal party of course, but AITA for wanting to choose a friend as my MOH instead of my only sister??


**i should add I never saw an issue & my sister didn’t either until my mom made a huuuuge deal when I told her, so now my sister DOES think it’s a diss🙄**


EDIT: I should clarify by events planning I meant bachelorette/bridal shower, and by de-stress I meant be my best friend and let me vent, keep me assured everything will be okay, etc the way I am for my friends even outside of wedding planning/etc.

And thank you everyone for your comments and reassurance! I’ve been trying to get back to everyone but there’s so many! Thank you guys for making me feel sure in my decision!😁My boyfriend and I (22) don't share any living expenses and when it comes to paying for meals or splitting other things we're pretty even. We have a good policy of splitting checks or offering to pay for meals alternatively and it's been working nicely. I work part-time and money has been super tight for me recently in the midst of full time job-hunting and learning to budget, and he works full time.

Last week we decided to grab some stuff from target totaling $60 and we split the cost 50/50. We walked to the same self checkout where I scanned, bagged, and paid for some stuff and so did he shortly after, except he realized he had left his wallet back in his car. Instead of having him walk across the parking lot to get it, I offered to pay for it in the condition that he venmo me the cost of the stuff ASAP, since I wouldn't be getting paid for a few more days, so I needed the extra money to be in my account to avoid overdrafting the next day when that bill was auto-paid. He venmoed me the remaining cost and shortly after I was able to pay for the total. It was inconvenient and BF was a little embarrassed to hold up the check out line, but it worked out in the end. 

Today we were back at target in line (at an isle with a cashier) with more things and in front of us was an old man with a cane and a boot. All of his items were bagged when he starting panicking that he couldn't find his wallet and said that it must be in his car. The cashier was super patient and told him it was fine for him to retrieve his wallet and come back to pay. I got the sudden urge to help him out so I offered to pay for his things to avoid having him walk back and forth from his car when it clearly looked like he wasn't having an easy time getting around. He politely declined but I insisted that it was really no problem at all and I'd be happy to make his day a little easier. So he happily accepted, I paid for his items (around $40) and he thanked me and went on his way, then BF and I paid for our things separately. It was a dumb decision on my part and it cut a good chunk out of my weekly budget but it felt nice to have done an act of kindness for a stranger.

On the way back to my place, BF was upset that I would offer to pay for a random stranger and not for his items last week, since he's aware of how frugal I have to be until I found a better job. I know it was not the smartest move for my bank account but the circumstances were different IMO, but he's upset, so now i feel guilty and it's making me second guess my decision.Hello reddit,

Backstory for context:
So my gf has this friend we have been helping out for the past month (driving around and such) 

Story:
So last week we drove this friend to an interview and then to all her training she had to take and also pick up her kid from school so Friday we dropped her off and then had to turn around 5 mins later and pick her up then go get her son from school and then drive her all over town so she could find scrubs and shoes 
Now she expects us to drive her to work all the time now and only pay us every other week and watch her son on the weekends she works 

To me this seems a bit much since where she works now is a bus rides away so I ask:

AITA for saying that I don't want to do this anymore or asking her to pay me for all this?EDIT: This is getting a lot of replies, and after reading them I agree that IATA. In a stressed fueled craze I basically became a narcissistic twat and bullied my friend into cutting off a potential relationship. In the 30 mins this post has been up, I've messaged N and have really sincerely apologised about the whole situation. It doesn't really make it right but I think we stand more equal now. We've agreed to be friends again as if this didn't happen. I think there's also other factors as to why I blew this out of proportion - my mental health isn't the best lately but neither is his, which makes me feel ever more guilty. Thanks for the honesty. 

In June 2019 I broke up with my ex of 11 months. Around November time, one of my friends (who I shall refer to as M)  told me that another of my friends (N) is talking to my ex.

Iitially I wasn't bothered. M tends to come out with a load of crap just for a laugh so I laughed it off. However, towards the end of Jan 2020 I was texting to N at night, and he brought up that them two are 'talking'.

Naturally I was pretty annoyed. I told him that I'm not angry I'm just a bit disappointed that he'd go behind my back like that. We had a small argument but no matter how much I tried to explain to him that what he did is wrong, he refused to accept that he was being a dick, and felt I was being unreasonable. Since I couldn't reason with him I basically ignored him for two weeks.

There's a reason why I did that which I'll get to in a second. He's generally a very shy person. After being rejected from multiple friend groups I kind of took him under my wing, trusted him, helped him through all kinds of problems and we became good friends. 

I knew he doesn't have the courage to initiate a conversation with me to try to fix things. He wanted me to forget about the situation and let it blow over, but I completely was not ready to let that happen. I figured if I left him to approach me, it would prove that he actually values our friendship enough to come out of his comfort zone. Well, clearly not because today we had quite the chat.

Now, before I get to the reason I'm asking what's in the title, I want to make it clear that I'm not angry at N for going after my ex, but for the fact that he tried to go behind my back despite the amount we've trusted each other with in the past.

What spurred me to speak to him today was that I got sick of him following me around and trying to act like nothings happened. He doesn't really have any other friends apart from me and M, who also agrees N is being a twat. 

Today I approached N and told him we need to tie up some loose ends. We went for a half hour walk and I explained to him how I'm feeling, why I'm feeling it, what I understand of his situation, why I believe he's in the wrong and what he could do, in my eyes, to fix the situation. After multiple attempts of trying to make it clear that going behind my back and thirsting for my ex is wrong, he still figured I was just being a dick so here's what I told him.

"I'm going to give you an ultimatum since you won't make a decision on what you're going to do about this situation, and it's not going to disappear.

You can continue talking to my ex but lose me as a friend, or cut her out of your life and we can just be mates like it never happened.

And I won't judge you either way because at the end of the day its your choice, but all I want is for you to make a decision"

So, what's the verdict reddit?We were playing games last night me and my group and we decided to hop on Fortnite to do some custom matches. so there is 5 of us playing and i'm gonna label them by numbers instead of names. So number 1 is my child hood best friend and number 2 is my sister number 3 is the gamer dude i have played with since high school and 4 is his wife. So here is some back story so you guys don't see me as the AH. Last week we all were playing but we also were playing with my nephew who is 8. So friend number 3 just kept going after my nephew cause he knew it was an easy kill and after her killed him he would start yelling in the mic that he is garbage and that he wasn't good at fortnite. Just destroying the kids confidence in the game. Back to last night we played custom matches and were just messing around then his wife decided to play with us (she absolutely hates me for some reason idk why and i don't care.) So the first fight happened and i'm just messing around and number 4 killed me and starts screaming in the mic to suck her d\*ck and that i'm trash at the game and all that type of talk. So me being the very competitive i went balls out the next round just ignoring the people just going after number 4 and of course i killed her easily and then i go at her i started yelling that she trash at the game and they she sucked and that idk why she even plays cause she bad at the game and blah blah blah. Number 4 becomes furious with me and starts yelling and saying she does not like me and she never liked me so AITA for going all out and talking trash or should i just have killed her and didn't say anything...Alright so my husband and I want to settle this, hopefully some outside perspective might help.

I love dogs, always had one growing up. My husband likes them but he views them more as working animals rather than companions because he grew up on a farm. 

We finally reached a place in our lives where we felt we could afford a dog. I wanted one more than he did but he was on board with it. So about a year ago, we adopted our pup.

I take care of about 90% of the dog chores/upkeep and I’m totally fine with that. My dog is my best friend, she’s helped me with my depression, and I love her to death.

Now here’s where the problem is: I am very affectionate and “hands on” with my dog. I kiss the top of her head, cuddle with her on the couch, wrestle with her. To me this is normal. My husband is extremely uncomfortable with it.

He says that he thinks it’s unsanitary and cringe-worthy. He gets disgusted and upset when he sees me doing these things and says it’s weird. He even admitted that it makes me unattractive in his eyes.

It’s not like I’m letting my dog lick my face or making out with her. I literally just cuddle up to her on the couch (she’s very floofy!) or kiss the top of her head!

This has become a huge sore spot for us and he thinks I’m being an asshole for not taking his feelings into account. I feel like HE is being the asshole because he’s trying to police the way I show my dog affection.  

So Reddit, AITA here? My (21F) dad's been part of an organization for about 20 years or so. But, he's be's been really into it in for the past 10 years, say 2007? . And before people ask, no it's not a cult or anything like that... the organization helps with stress and whatnot.

Since 2007 X has become my dad's hobby, and taken up a decent portion of his time. So now instead of just work and family, it's been work, family and X. And I was/am happy that my dad has X as a hobby, and so's my mom..... but the thing is that *I don't wanna be a part of X* and have personally have grown to resent and hate the organization over the years. Why? for a couple of reasons:

 When my dad got into X he began to spend a lot of his time doing activities for X and as the years passed, the amount of time that he would spend in X took up more and more time. To the extent that from 2011-2015, it became more like work and X were his main priorities and we were shoved to the side. As you can imagine, it made my mom and I upset, and my mom and dad had fights over his time at X v.s family time. A good thing is that now days, my dad's time spent doing organizational things is lessened considerably... but now i'm in college lol.

 So when my dad really started getting invested in his hobby, it made perfect sense that he wanted my mom and I to try out too. And so we did. For 11 years, I did courses\*. And after a few years I realized it wasn't for me, the problem is that my dad kept on signing me up for courses. And even when I would mention that I did not want to go... I had to. I was either too young to be left at home alone or the courses would be in my house. And while my dad knows that I'm not a fan of this organization, and has taken steps to reduce my involvement in it.... the fact that my wishes of not going weren't always respected pisses me off.

 I feel like my dad and the majority of other people/family friends we've met though the organization are missionaries for it. For a lot of family events, my dad tells others how good this organization is, and how they should do a course. And whenever my dad invites the other people from the organization over, the conversation centers around X.

I am not a fan of a lot of people that we have met though X. I feel that if I met these family friends in another way I would have like them... but now a lot of them grate on my nerves.

\-------

Long story short since coming to college, I've cut off X from my life completely except for once or twice a year. But recently, my dad bought tickets for a course..and once again I'm going because I don't have a reason not to, I don't want to go to this course, but I will be at my parents house for that time, and it's not like I am going anywhere either. I'm scared at this point that I don't know how to cut this organization out of my life.

AITA for wanting out of my dad's hobbies, or should I suck it up and go because it's only once of twice a year?When i was 18-19 i worked in a small private fruit and vegetables shop. From what i heard from my chef is that apparently the coworker (lets call him H) wanted his entitled son to work there before i started but since my chef saw what kind of a person he was (he apparently started to swear at him and tried to ridicule him) he took me in instead, since he also knew me from before. H of course didnt even consider that the behavior of his son was the reason he wasn't taken and blamed me
This is were it starts. H started to command  me (which he wasn't allowed to do)around and tried to make me do  jobs i either already did when his wife called to check where he was (appearently she didnt trust him in the slightest) or i was working on sth else and told him i would do it after. He used that as an excuse to shout at me and called me names. At first i didn't say anything but every time i spoke up against him he would start shouting at me and tried to report it to my chef who would mostly laugh it off but was taking my side.
H was also hated by the customers because he was mostly incredibly rude to them and the worst part is HE TOUCHED THE GENITALS of small boys asking if they "are already grown up men" infront of their parents which were mostly too shocked to do sth and left as fast as possible. When i confronted him about it and kindly asked him to stop since it was scaring away customers and started shouting at me and pulled up the knife on the counter trying to make me shut up.
Also my chef kept a small box in the cooler for vegetables and fruits that had some visual flaws but were still quite good. H and i could always take home whats in there for free. H always complained that i "took too much and never left anything in there for him" (which wasnt true, i always only took half). Later the wife my of my chef told me he NEVER took anything out of there and was throwing most things away so i couldnt take them.
Customers started coming mostly when in my shifts after i could only come in the evening so they wouldn't have to meet him. Later that year i quit and also heard he quit soon after me too.
Last week i saw him again working as a garbage man in tze city center.
(i have to add that i have some family members aslo working as garbage men and i have high respect of the task they do since i think of it a very important job done by honorable people who go through alot of unpleasantness). But no respect for H.
I walked up to him, stand by him until he noticed me and only said "suits you fucking right". He knew exactly what i meant and was in shock and getting anger raising in his eyes. I turned and walked away feeling soo good about myself.
Later i started to get a bad feeling nit because of H, but about what i said in general. My best friend said it was great and that he should clean up himself being the trash he is. My parents on the other hand blamed me and told me i should just walk away.
Sooo am i the asshole?So... this was a long time ago, and although I browse Reddit a few years ago, this story just went to the front of my heat and I thought this is the best place to share it.

Note: This happened in the '90s and NOT at the United States.

When I was in third grade, I had this teacher. Let's call her Lynn. Lynn's first batch was us, so you know, first year teacher stuff, etc. Me, an academic (NOT a nerd though), tried to be the favorite student (IDK now. Why, me?) One day, the school canteen was full, and I managed to get a spot for myself. Up comes Lynn, and decides to sit with me

So, normal small talk goes, and she bought the food from a canteen stall. Let's call it Food House. Well, my mom told me not to buy canteen food there because my aunt, who was a nanny and the kids she take care of go to the same school, said to not buy there because of bad hygiene practices.

I had lunch delivered to me, so I was like, stick to my mind, but eh, none of my business, and I buy at another stall.

I noticed she bought food from Food House, so in the middle of the conversation, I go...

Me: Is that from Food House?

Lynn: Yes. Why?

Me: Well my mom told me that my aunt told her that they are not in proper hygiene there.

So, it becomes silent. After a few minutes, the curious me asks...

Me: Why did you throw it away?

Lynn: Oh, I lost my appetite.

Me: Oh, okay then

I was a kid, so I didn't care much But now, I feel such an \*ssh\*l\*.

Thank you Reddit, so AITA?My father and I got along when I was younger, but after my parents divorced and he married my stepmom (around 15?), things started getting a little tense. He got a lot more strict with punishments and seemed to be more controlling. He forced us three to go to family therapy sessions and it seemed like I was constantly being attacked and forced to do things that I did not want to do. Now, I realize a lot of the issues we had when I was a teenager were because, well, I was a teenager. I was mad and angsty and really didn't like my stepmom. In my defense, though, she was pretty awful. She would threaten to send me to juvy (which, even looking back now that I'm an adult, was not appropriate in the situations she used the threat) and just made the household very toxic.

Ever since I left home at 18, my dad never seemed to put forth the effort of having a relationship with me. I mean, he would seem like he wanted to try, but then didn't. For example, he would call me every 3 to 4 months, and half the conversation would consist of him getting upset because I didn't call him often enough.

I would constantly talk to him on the phone, but he would never put forth the effort that I was. I asked him to start skyping with us because my husband and I started having financial issues and couldn't visit as much. Skype is free and I figured it would be a good way to keep in touch. He said he would, but never did.

He didn't text me very often or really even ask to see the kids. I do admit that I held (and still hold) resentment toward him for some of the stuff he did to me as a kid (nothing physically abusive, but some emotional stuff) but I really tried to let it slide for the sake of the kids.

There was one year that they went on vacation to a city that was only an hour and a half from us. I saw it on facebook and messaged my dad saying that we would be willing to drive to meet them if they wanted to have dinner with us. I got really excited and went ahead and started getting everyone ready to go. He messaged me back and said "Man you really can't hide from anyone these days can you?"

The turning point was in 2015. He had taken my kids to my hometown to spend some time with them. He came back to town to drop them off and decided to spend the week there to do a mini vacation. I thought "Great!" We can all spend some time together since we rarely do anymore. Nope. Did not happen. They dropped the kids off, stayed at our apartment for all of 45 seconds, then off they went. It would not have bothered me if they just wanted to hang out and have dinner with us. But they didn't want to be around us at all. I texted them 7 times while they were in town and they kept saying we could meet up but the plans never happened. 

\*There's a lot more but I keep exceeding the character limit\*

So, AITA for cutting him out and not letting him meet my youngest son?I recently broke my arm and sprained my other wrist. Because of this I have difficulty doing everyday tasks like eating or bathing/getting dressed ect

My older sister(legal guardian) has offered to help me several times when she sees me struggling. I have always refused sone she deals with enough Stuff every day and I don’t want to add to that. Some people are saying that it’s wrong of me to refuse. AITASo I (17 M) am a senior in high school and have been dating my girlfriend (17 F) for almost two years now. Last Friday was our school's winter formal dance, which at our school is a big deal. It's basically the last big school dance for the seniors before everyone goes off to college. We do have a prom, but seniors ditch prom for someone's house party every year anyways.

So the problem is that my girlfriend's family is straight up abusive and very religious, and they don't know we're dating. She plans to go no contact with them after college, but her family is also very wealthy, and they really pressure her to do well in school and will pay for her to go to an Ivy League College (She's a shoe in to go to any ivy of her choice, she's a straight A student, about to be valedictorian, involved in politics, volunteering, amazing harpist, etc etc...). So long story short our relationship is a secret and always has been to her family.

Her family has never let her go to any school dance or really go out in general, she isn't even allowed to get a driver's license. I have always gone to school dances with a group of friends, which I think she has always kind of accepted. She begged her parents to let her go to just this one, but they of course wouldn't especially because it's supposed to be a romantic dance and they think she's going to get drunk and have sex and blah blah blah.

So initially I could tell that she was really upset about it. She knew that I was going with my friends, and she told me that it was okay initially, but I could tell she was pretty sad. I asked her if she wanted me to stay home and call her that night. She said no, that I should go to the dance, even though I could tell she wasn't really happy to say that. When the day came I just went to the formal with my friends and had a good time. I didn't really have time to text her the day of the formal because my basketball team was participating in a tournament all day, but she did send me a few texts that day about how sad she was about the dance.

I texted her when I got back home form the formal, and she blew up at me and said that I shouldn't have gone and that I should have stayed home in solidarity with her to support her. And to clarify, that means her at her house, me at my house, there's no way her parents would let her out of the house on the night of the formal. She said I should have seen her hurting and stayed home. I apologized for going, but I also feel like she shouldn't have gotten mad at me. I feel like even though she's in a bad situation she shouldn't expect other people to put themselves there too, and she never asked me to stay home with her until after the fact.

She's still mad at me for going, and she said feels like she missed out on a crucial part of the high school experience with no support. AITA for not staying home? Okay hear me out. My boyfriend and I have been dating for about 3 years and have been long-distance for almost all of that time. This year he is graduating from school and beginning his career and I am going to begin grad school, so we figure it's the perfect time to stop being long-distance and live in the same place. 

I came up with the idea last summer that we both apply to jobs/grad programs in 5 or so geographic areas in hopes that there’s bound to be one area that overlaps. We both came up with lists of where we wanted to apply and my bf's #1 choice place was the city where I grew up (an area I HATE). Before we started dating, I told him I would never live in that area again (bad memories, high-stress area, super expensive, etc). When we first started dating, I told him again that I would never live there and he said it wouldn't be a problem. So I was shocked that he had that as his #1 place on his list. I reminded him once more that I would never live there again and after some talking, we compromised and I agreed I would look at schools in an area a few hours away (an area I'm still not a fan of, but it’s better than my hometown). 

Over the last few months, I applied to our top 5 places but my bf started applying all over the place. He applied in a ton of super random places (including the area I grew up in). I decided to let it go and bring it up again if he ended up getting a job someplace that wasn’t on our top 5 (he was super stressed he wasn't going to get a job). 

Fast forward to a few weeks ago: he got a great job offer that makes good money and is in the field he wants to work in… but it’s in the area I hate. He ended up accepting the offer (without talking to me about it or discussing our options). When I found out, I told him that while I was happy for him, I still refused to live there. He told me that I was being prejudicial towards the area and how it would be different if I lived there with him. Then he told me it was my fault for deciding to apply to grad school now and I should have waited another year to see where he would end up instead of having to do 2 more years of long-distance. 

Eventually he ended up saying he's going to keep looking at jobs in other areas, but I haven’t heard anything about it since and he keeps talking to his friends like he's going to move to the area I grew up in. AITA for refusing to move there? I want to be supportive, but I hate the area and never want to live there again.I've been working for a casino since September. Its a global company however I'm in UK so its not quite vegas as most that have never been in one think. I work on reception and sit/stand next to a door that is constantly opening and closing (automatic) so I have been provided two tiny little heaters and a jacket that is slightly warmer than the standard blazer. This barely keeps me warm for the 8-12 hour shifts I do but I make do.

&#x200B;

Our manager has quit and in the interim of finding a new one we have a guy who i'll call steve taking charge of the rotas etc. 4 days ago he rolled out a notice about uniform and being presentable. Most of it was just reiterating that certain members of the workforce have stopped ironing their shirts and aren't wearing the correct uniforms etc. He has also added some extra clauses, including the fact that they will not let us wear these "warm" jackets anymore, and that females now have to have manicured hands. I went and checked on our official "hub" about uniform and they have said nothing about these new rules so I'm pretty sure its come from him.

&#x200B;

I mentioned the nails to him, and the fact that I have no nails and therefore am not paying to get them manicured and he told me I would have to pay to get fake ones put on, to which I have point blank refused. I brought up the jacket and he has told me that I will be written up for wearing it.

&#x200B;

I do not turn up to work scruffy. I am very presentable and neat and tidy. I frequently pull my weight to cover shifts and have put up with a lot of shit from a member of staff that has only just been fired after turning up to work drunk and on drugs for months on top of being generally unpleasant and completely incapable of 95% of tasks. I frequently get my name mentioned in good reviews and overall I don't think I'm a bad employee.

&#x200B;

Am I the Asshole for refusing to get my nails done and stop wearing the warm jacket even though it is freezing where I work and I get paid minimum wage.

&#x200B;

edit\* some people have said that I'm being an asshole for no reason and making his life difficult 44yo my wife has been after me to go and get my yearly wellness check, since, I got Obama care. I feel fine, no problems, no reason to go and run my rates up for nothing. She has been really upset and stressed out about it, but I try to reassure her that if something were wrong I would seek medical attention, but since nothing is wrong, why go? Am I the Asshole here? Should I just go to go and end the whole argument?

&#x200B;So last year I was accepted into medical school. It’s an osteopathic med school here in my home state. 

I’m pretty happy to start this year. 

Now an osteopathic med school are those who are DO’s. The same as MD’s. They just have a little bit different training. But can practice and prescribe meds just like MD’s. Salary and approach are the exact same. 

So I told a family friend how I was going to med school and he asked which one. I told him and he said “oh so you won’t be an MD?” So I told him I will be a DO. He said “I thought you wanted to be a doctor” so I explained a bit more. He then told me “so those are for people who can’t really make it to become a physician” he then said “I thought you were smart enough to be a doctor” 

I had enough and asked if he was deaf as I just explained there was no difference. He started laughing and told me I was being rude for no reason. 

I ended the conversation but I’m still so mad. It wasn’t easy to get into a med school. 

Did I overreact?So mandatory apologies for any gramatical mistakes or spelling, on mobile. Also a throwaway since I have my boyfriend on my personal account. 

Background:
So this just happened less than an hour ago, I (F 22) spend maybe 1 or 2 days at my boyfriend's (M 23) house since he works full time and I am a full time student. I am also a main caretaker for my family as my dad got into a very bad car accident months ago and still is recovering, he is home full time while my mother works from 4am to roughly 6pm. We also own a lot of animals that need constant up keep and care, which I do myself. As a student I have multiple projects, assignments, and midterms to worry about which all happen within 3 weeks, so to say I'm stressed is an understatement. 
Well I go over my boyfriends house ( Now referred to as Bf) as a way to relax from my stressful situation, he has a relatively easy schedule, he works around 25-30 hours a week, which is still a lot but that's his only responsibility besides basic housework which he splits with his roommate.

Well today I as I went over we decided to do some grocery shopping, we had essentially picked up everything we needed and were about to pay when we ran into a mutual friend M. The conversation was light and playful and just overall well until Bf brought up the topic of work, he began complaining about how difficult and stressful his job is (which I agree with) and M began doing the same about his own job. M eventually asked me if I was working which I dont and brought up that I'm just a full time student currently. This lead bf to start making multiple jokes about how lazy I am and how he wishes he could have a life as easy as mine. I just sorta laughed along with it but you could tell that the entire conversation got very awkward after that. We eventually pay for everything and leave. 

Now heres where I may have been an asshole, because once we got back to his house I brought up how uncomfortable and somewhat offended I was about the jokes he had made about me, and even brought up how he of all people should know that even though I dont work i still have number of responsibilities that constantly need to be up kept (he is very much aware of my current situation). He just kept defending his argument saying that i didnt know what real stress was until I worked a full time job and how I was lazy for not working and only going to school. I eventually got tired of hearing it so I just yelled out " I wish I could only work 30 hours a week! Even on my easiest weeks I have hours worth of school work every night, not to mention cooking and cleaning and taking care of my dad full time! I fucking wish I was getting paid for my work but I'm not. So until you deal with all the shit I'm going through I dont even want to hear you bringing up how lazy I am!" After that i immediately left his house and have been ignoring his messages. 

I need to know if I AITA in this situation, so thoughts?I recently completed my PhD in GR, and it is common to have a section at the start of the thesis acknowledging your advisor, parents, siblings, etc. Some people also mention their partner or kids.

Last week my girlfriend was looking through my website and opened a pdf containing my thesis, and she noticed that I didn't mention her at the start. She got quite upset about it and asked me why, but I didn't have a particular reason. We have just been together for around 8 months and it didn't really cross my mind to include her.

This obviously shouldn't be a big issue but for the past week she has been acting a bit standoffish around me. In hindsight I probably should've included her since it takes no effort on my part, but is it really that big of a deal?

Two other details I forgot to mention: in the acknowledgments I mentioned another female friend of mine due to her help throughout the years (met her during part III). Also, while we have only been dating for 8 months, we've known each other for just over a year. Not sure if this changes anything though.It’s short but I need an unbiased opinion. For clarity, In my apartment complex we have about 8 units and most are 2 bedroom, so you can guess maybe how many people might live here. Most are couples or college students.  

The issue is we only have one washer/dryer unit on site and people constantly leave their clothing in the dryer for up to hours making it so I can’t finish my laundry. I’ve always been taught to not touch anyone’s things but I was wondering if after about an hour, If I put their clothes on top of the dryer, would that be okay? I have to do my laundry today and it’s already wet as I made the silly assumption the person with clothes in the dryer would take their clothes out when the time is up. 

WIBTA if I moved all their laundry out of the dryer and just put them on top instead?The DCAU was my childhood and teenage hood. I’m in the process of moving out finally and I was looking for all my comics and all the series I had. I asked him where it was and he gave it to his ex-girlfriend while they were still together for her kids to borrow! 

Her kids are 4-5 years old so why would he think it’s a good idea in the first place? They can barely read half the stuff in the comics and he even gave them the rated R movies!? Why? Why would you do that? 

He said he won’t get it back because he doesn’t want to talk to her! So I told him that he didn’t have the right to do that! 

So what if he paid for it? Hear me out but I don’t think you get to decide what the person does with your gift! You can’t give somebody something as a gift and then tell them they have to share it with someone they don’t know or better yet just take it and give it to someone else to borrow!

AITA?A few minutes ago, someone in a discord server said that they were creeped out by an image from a game called Danganronpa. In the game the main antagonist is a bear called Monokuma. Monokuma was originally going to look like a human who was half normal in appearance, with the other half being open to reveal internal body structures (kinda like those anatomical models u might find in a biology classroom). That beta design is what the person said they were creeped out by. As a joke i told them to look at pictures of a character called Jinta from the game yo-kai watch 4, who's appearance is pretty much just a more cartoony version of the beta Monokuma design. After looking up images of the character, the person began claiming that they were losing sleep over it & that it was making them freak out. They said that they had a phobia of sharp objects & that images of people who were cut in half would trigger that phobia (the character isnt cut in half so it must have been a misinterpretation of the image, that or they found other things in the image results that i hadn't anticipated when i told them to look it up). I didnt know they had that phobia or that those images would trigger it, & i must not have seen when they started they couldnt sleep. Regardless, i feel really guilty about possibly triggering a panic attack in someone & apologised for it several times. Am i an asshole?

Edit: I was forgiven! I probably didnt need to post this here anyway since it really wasnt a huge issue, just a situation that i was feeling guilty about. I apologised again and the person forgave me & said there was no way i couldve known about their phobias. Thank u for the replies!
I was working at a food service job, it's not my long term plan, just something to get by in college, I'm studying engineering and getting relevant internships over the summers. So it really didn't matter to my long term goals.

I had this shift manager who had a major temper. And because of my family (unstable angry alcoholic parents) I cannot stand loss of temper. Someone screaming at me freaks me the hell out. Even when the manager would yell at someone else, I would be super anxious and shaken.

So the first time he yelled directly at me was last week. I was too freaked out to defend myself other than nodding and going "yes" and "ok" to everything even though he wasn't being reasonable at all. I just felt choked up and terrified.

So next time I had to go to the backroom for supplies, I snuck right out the back door, blocked the managers number, and went home. 

About a day later I got a really angry call from the owner, about how I'd left the location short staffed, I didn't tell anyone I was going. 

I hung up and blocked the number too.

I haven't gotten paid for that day but honestly I have found another way to make my finances work, with savings from my internships, and I feel so much better.

AITA for walking out?My SO and I decided to spend a mostly free weekend near the beach and invited some travel buddies to make it a group thing. I let them know we were free saturday and that I had work sunday evening, so if we stayed over night(we did), we needed to leave early afternoon. They agreed.

We go, and they rush to finish things quite quickly, including an aquarium visit where I had preferred to take my time and they rushed us out. They can't seem to decide what they want to do at any point(leading SO and I to waste money on an unused arcade card). And the day we need to leave, they try to convince me to call out of work despite the fact that I recently got a write-up(different, less concerning story) and risk losing hours or being fired for missing my shift.

We go about our day and time comes to leave and SO and I are left waiting at the car for 45 minutes with no word and leave an hour late with no apology or excuse, just a question of whether there are any trains that could take them home(there weren't).

I was nearly late to work despite an hour and a half scheduled buffer for a nap and shower(neither of which I got) and they had even thought I worked 30mins earlier than I did. 

On one hand, I can understand that they wanted vacation time as much as we did and since they werent the drivers(I was) they probably felt rushed to get everything done a certain way. 

On the other, I got to work exhaused, feeling gross, and feeling disrespected as they didn't seem to act with any consideration for me maybe losing my job(especially if I HAD worked earlier like they thought). Not only that but what I did want to do got cut short because they were constantly rushing us. 

Idk, I'm thinking next time SO and I will go alone and not tell them even though we normally travel together.

Does that make me the asshole for taking from their potential travel time?I have known this person for around a year and we have never been super close, but I am currently living with my parents and I can't tolerate the lack of autonomy anymore. About 4 months ago I asked this person if they wanted to live with me and we agreed. We said when we both could move out and what our plan of action would be.

The other people in our friend group said I shouldn't live with this person because they often play the victim in emotional situations and can easily become draining. I had previously lived with an alcoholic so I thought this was going to be a walk in the park and anything would be better than living with my parents.

A few weeks ago I had my first preview of this emotional dumping and immediately put up a boundary. I told them I would be better equipped to support them if they asked if it would be ok before going straight into it. They continued to victimize themselves but said ok to respecting my boundary. I have been emotionally abused and I have extreme issues with guilt and I was triggered by her reaction.

My therapist and I talked it through and said that I shouldn't live with this person because it would resurface a lot of trauma for me. Today I told them my reasons for not wanting to live with them and they blew up saying I was making assumptions and that they would be happier if they lived with me rather than a stranger. 

For context we have not signed a lease. We have not searched for apartments. We weren't going to move out until June. I also said that I didn't want to live with them to preserve the friendship rather than both of us resenting each other for not being able to emotionally provide for the other and they disregarded this.

Anyways am I the asshole?First, context: Yesterday, my parents offered me to drive me halfway to work, since my mom‘s workplace is near mine. Dad drives her if she‘s got a morning shift and I come with.
It started this morning. I know exactly how much time I need to get ready in the morning. I get everything ready in the evening before. Don‘t need to make coffee because I get it for free at work. 8 Minutes. 9 if I have to go to the loo. We agreed to hit the road at 7:10.
6:XX AM, parents stand up and get ready. Don‘t know their routine and how long everything takes, so no accurate time stamp.
6:55 AM, I‘m awake, about to stand up and get ready.
6:58 AM, Mom comes into my room. You‘d normally expect something like a „Good morning, love. It‘s time to wake up.“ or something decent at least. What I got was „It‘s 7. Are you not gonna stand up“ in some passive aggressive tone that I‘d get shit on for if I used it.
7:05 AM, I get outta the bathroom. Clothed, brushed teeth. Dad‘s on his way to the garage, since it‘s like 2 minutes away from our flat. We live in a block with several houses for several families. Shared garage. Mom stares at me, again, *the* tone „We should have been ready by now. We have to go.“ Insert One Punch Man OK. That was me. I put on my shoes and jacket and am already outside. Mom still needs time for whatever reason. Turns out we have to wait for her, not for me.
My brother and I work for the same company so I tell him about everything and just wanted some reassurance so I know I did nothing wrong. He says I‘m the asshole cause I could‘ve just stood up earlier, of course, after bringing up some shit from the past which I have worked on hard and I‘m still at it. I haven‘t been a good son for all my life, I really was an asshole. But am I really now in today‘s situation?

Tldr: I need less time to get ready in the morning and get shit on for it. Am I the asshole?My partner and I got a lovely breed dog back in 2017. Our dog is awesome and i love him to dead. His breed is "bordering" with extinction so we paid some good money for having him and the breeder asked us to let him mate when it was time, just to keep the breed alive (Curious fact: in 2017 only 18 puppies were born), so we went on thinking, one day we will get puppies and contribute. However, as of this date, our dog grew to be outside of the standard measurement if the breed, he is too tall (extra 2cm) and too heavy (extra 5k) so it will be hard (almost impossible) to find a breeder that will want to "get together" with our dog.

One more thing: even though we trained him well, sometimes he rans away when he sees/smells a dog in heat, ducks or rabbits and I get worry that one day we just won't find him or that he will impregnate another dog.

I want to neutered him to help him calm down, my partner doesn't want to because he is afraid our dog will change his personality, also, my partner hasn't discard the idea of having puppies of the same breed. 

We both went into a huge argument because I think he is just being a "macho" and that's why he doesn't want to go ahead with castration. He called me an ass because I cannot see beyond my argument. 

So, am I really an asshole here?For context. I’m 28 (m) working full time for a marketing agency. I get paid a good amount and rent a nice condo downtown with my girlfriend.

My brother (40) is a good man. Married, two kids, always working and pursing new dreams and ambitions. He even got accepted to do his PHD. 

Here’s the thing. Every couple of months he’ll ask me for some money. It’s never that much, usually $20-50. But he never pays me back unless I chase him for that money (which I feel I shouldn’t have to). 

Am I the asshole for not wanting to loan money to my brother?Ok some backstory here im in a program that helps disability people find jobs and learn life skills and such well i got myself hired on at the location of the program which is a hospital and im working in foodservice. Ok so the policy is that i have to leave my phone in the classroom but ive been taking it with me to work against my teachers wishes because im an employee and my bosses do not require me to put my phone in the locker and im allowed to have my phone with me so my teachers caught me with my phone at work several times to be honest but i wasn't going to give in to them and they don't even have a reason for me to leave it there other than its a policy and i should follow it without question which imo is bullshit if its a rule than there should be a reason as to why people should follow it but no. So i guess they had enough of me so they decided to kick me out of their program and im still employed at the job so im still getting paid and i don't have to follow bullshit rules. 
AITA Reddit?

Edit:The phone rule is for school at that time i wasn't working as a volunteer anymore i was working as a paid employee so im not being paid to follow a rule i shouldn't have to follow.
Edit2: At that time i was employed at the job no longer a volunteer in no way shape or form was the job part of school.Okay so my roommate never gets rid of her dishes even when nicely asked to. They sit in or next to the sink for days often. She always will be like "oh yeah I will definitely clean x" or "I will be cleaning that later" and yet she doesn't even clean it. 

It's probably been a dozen times that we had this problem. My roommate and I were having enough of it bc one night we were trying to make stuff and clean it BUT we couldn't due to her crowding the entire sink. 

Finally I got fed up with it and took the dishes and sat them outside her bedroom door. She got home and was confused and we all said nothing. We all acted as if nothing happened and she was left confused and wondering what happened.

When we were asked we said nothing and went on with our day. We think this has solved the issue since she hasn't left any dishes in since then.

AITA?I'm back on social media after a 5 year hiatus. I had completely wiped out all of my accounts. Back then, I lived far from family and used the platforms as a means to stay in contact with them. 

The are two main reasons why I deleted my social media. First, my mother would comment on my posts, saying it's innapropriate and would demand I take it down. As a contrast, she would be overly affectionate on posts she approved of (we are not an affectionate mother-daughter pair). 

Other family members would tag me on pictures I barely knew existed, very unflattering ones at that. A string of relatives I never heard would send me requests, I would get nagged on by immediate family for not adding them.

Second, I went back to University to finish off my degree. I needed to concentrate and not look at how well others were doing. It really did help my self-esteem.

Since deleting my social media, my family has been odd/distant and reluctant to chat about their life on What'sApp. I understand, I caused it in a way. 

After uni, I moved abroad (even further than before) and decided to open a Facebook account to keep in touch with my high school, uni, and close friends I had met the last couple of years. I'm happy with my 30 or so friends on it. 

As for family, I regularly send pictures and keep them up-to-date on What'sApp, and it's gotten better so far. I share what I want and it's a personal experience, rather than them 'liking' my posts online.

As a surprise, my sister found me on there. She's cool, we speak often, so I added her (immediate regret sinks in). Since then, I've been panicking over the possibility of other family member requests that will soon discover my account. 

After days of thinking, I have decided to just keep my sister and reject any other family members.\*Using a friends reddit account because I don't have one of my own\*

I (26f) recently moved in with my boyfriend of 2 years (26m) as an only child from a family with above average means, I've never shared a bathroom with anyone. In college I lived in a studio apartment alone. (where I was still living before moving in) I've been here about a month now, and things have been going fine except this issue.

&#x200B;

8 out of 10 times I go to take a shower now, my boyfriend barges in to go to the bathroom. He says it's common courtesy that before spending a long time occupying the 1 bathroom, that you check with the other people in the house to make sure no one needs to use the restroom. He is an adult male with zero health issues, so I don't understand why he feels he gets access to the bathroom 24/7. If I were in their for an hour or something I would understand, but holding it for 30 minutes hardly seems like a big deal.  I've tried to announce when I go to take a shower, but honestly sometimes I don't think about it, because it's just part of my routine. He gets so frustrated when I don't seek him out to tell him I'll be in the bathroom. That it's causing tension, mainly due to the fact he has started coming in when I'm in the shower if he needs to use the bathroom instead of just waiting. I've started getting annoyed back, because what if I was sick and on the toilet myself for 30 minutes, he'd have to hold it then, so why can't he hold it while I'm in the shower? We are both 100% convinced we are right and neither is willing to budge. AITA for not checking whether or not he needs to use the bathroom before I shower?

&#x200B;

UPDATE:

RIP my friends inbox! Per her request, I'll update and clear some things up. 

1. I have to leave the door cracked for our cats, they've been known to pee other places if blocked from their liter box
2. he ONLY barges in, IF I haven't told him ahead of time. He comes in, pees, and says "You should have warned me" He knows how I feel about being walked in on, so it feels like he is trying to punish me for an oversight on my part. if we are in the same room, or he is nearby I DO mention if I'm getting in the shower, but the times I don't are usually early in the morning when I wake up, and don't even know where he is. He is usually outside in the garage, or down in the basement. I don't feel I should have to hunt him down to ask him if he needs to use the bathroom like he's a toddler.
3. I am a private and modest person, something my boyfriend has always known about me. I am not comfortable sharing a room with someone relieving themselves, which he knows, and I'm certainly not comfortable having someone walk in on me in the shower, fully exposed. Our bathroom is shaped like an L with the shower and the toilet in the lower part, and the sinks running up the length. The shower is a huge walk in with a sliding glass door. So I'm on full display. Again, not a new thing, he KNOWS this about me, and before I moved in, was usually quite respectful about it. (Maybe one day I'll be comfortable with it, but it's been a month!)
4. When I said "we both think we are right and not willing to budge" I meant, we both refuse to budge on who is right in this situation. Not that we are breaking up over it, or that its a deal breaker. Just I don't think I should have to ask permission to use the shower, and he shouldn't automatically get first dibs just because he wants them. 
5. I'd also like to point out, while he does let me know if he is getting in the shower, he does NOT alert me when he goes #2 which has taken him up to 40 minutes on occasion because he is playing on his phone. Thereby occupying the bathroom longer than I do (the 30 minutes was the longest and usually just once or twice a week when it's time to shave and condition, normally its between 15-20) I just KNOCK and ask him to hurry if I need to use the bathroom, something I am not granted when I'm showering, as he just comes in no warning (usually scaring me half to death because he BANGS the door.

I'm trying to read all the comments, but there is quite a lot! Hopefully I've cleared up anything asked in INFO. Thanks!I'm 28 years old and just moved to Denver, CO. I followed my husband here after he got an interesting research job. My whole life I've been working class. It's never bothered me, it's never held me back. I have a modest life, but we live within our means.

However, there are of course things that I've never done because of this. I've never flown on an airplane before, never been on vacation outside of the US/Canada. I never see movies until they're available to rent, and don't buy books because I've always used the library first. I've never owned a house (and quite frankly don't see that as an option for us), never had a car, and the only pets I've had are stray cats who come around. 

I started working at a nice office with some tech people. I really like the office, it's honestly nicer than my apt. We get a lot of free lunches and 10 paid days off a year beyond holidays, which is so cool. 

One of the coder guys and I were talking while I was filling up with (free!) coffee in the morning. People were filtering in and out. He asked me where we go skiing, because he's already thinking about next year.

I said I've never been skiing before. 

He asked why not, I'm in Colorado.

I said "Skiing is kind of a rich person's hobby, isn't it?"

His face got all serious and dark and he said "That's not true."

I said "Oh, okay. I just always thought it was. Growing up, the kids who went skiing were all the rich kids and stuff."

He got visibly annoyed and said that isn't true, skiing isn't that expensive. 

I said "Oh, I didn't really know. Just always thought it was."

He then said that if I thought skiing was a rich person's hobby, then he and everyone else in the office must be rich, because he can't think of a single other person who works here and doesn't ski, and he can't think of a single person he knows who doesn't ski. I just said "Okay" and walked back to my desk. 

It's been a week and he won't stop making little comments at me about it. 

AITA?So we're presenting different parts of a topic as a group and only me and another group member (out of 4) shared our PowerPoints with the rest of the group. (We're presenting in different places in the class round-robin style.) We also had to present a jeopardy style game at the end of all of our presentations, and I offered to fill in the slides or boxes (whatever you call the jeopardy sections) if they shared their presentations with me. I don't mind doing it since I enjoy this kinda stuff. Here's where I might be the asshole. Their sections are fully blank. If someone clicks any of the numbers it's just a slide with "Question, Answer" in white text with a black background. I could have chosen to cut out their sections but it looked weird with two options so I chose to keep theirs in, but just blank. I feel like I've gone out of my way to make it so it looks like they didn't do anything. This is also a Grade 12U class so it does kinda matter for them. AITA?I try to help my friends a lot. I have a lot of imperfections. But I think I am still aloud to help right? For one example, we had a test coming up. She didn’t know, and so I said,”oh well it’s no big deal she gave us a study guid with all of the answers.” 
But she replied with,”it doesn’t matter I am stupid and I can’t keep stuff in my brain. So it doesn’t matter.”
So I tried to say,” that’s a bad excuse!”
She didn’t take it very well, and she was mad at me all day. Did I say something wrong? Or was it not my place to speak at all. I really do want to make peace with everyone but I don’t know how. So please AITA?My (16F) older sister (20F) is getting married in just under a month. I was asked to be a bridesmaid about a year ago, and I was a bit unsure about it, but ultimately said yes because my mum heavily suggested that it was inconsiderate to say no.

The reason I hesitated about being a bridesmaid is that I struggle with lots of types of clothing / makeup. I don't know how to describe it, but ever since I was young I just feel very overwhelmed if I'm wearing something uncomfortable, and sometimes I'll even get to the point of tears if I have to wear it too long. For this reason, I also don't shave my legs and I wear tights with skirts.

Maybe it was me being naive, but it didn't even occur to me that I wouldn't be able to wear tights to my sister's wedding. I only found out today when I tried on the dress and my sister told me I couldn't wear the tights for the wedding, and would need to shave my legs. I told my sister I didn't want to be a bridesmaid if I had to do all of that. It was really just the straw that broke the camel's back. I have to wear a dress in an uncomfortable fabric, a strapless bra, heels, makeup, pinned up hair, and shaved legs - all of which are things I would find uncomfortable just on their own. I don't think I'll get through the day without crying, and when it happens, I really can't control it at all.

My sister isn't willing to compromise on what I'm wearing, which is fair, because she's the bride. But she's also insists I have to be a bridesmaid, since there's only one other bridesmaid. I told her if the outfit doesn't change, I won't be a bridesmaid, and she can't force me to be.

AITA for being stubborn on this?

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you for the comments so far. I want to clarify a few things.

1. Nude tights (also called pantyhose / nylons) aren't an option. I brought this up, but because I have quite thick and dark hair, my sister thinks it won't work.
2. I love my sister and I want her to have an amazing wedding. That's why I tried to say no to start with, because I knew this might be an issue. A few people have mentioned sensory processing disorder, and honestly, I don't want to diagnose myself but I googled it and it seems to describe what I'm experiencing. To give some context of the level of discomfort, my family went on holiday to a ski resort when I was younger, and although I desperately wanted to try skiing and always have, I ended up staying in the lodge the whole time because every time I tried to put on the layers of clothing needed for being out in the snow, I couldn't last half an hour without it being unbearable. I'm getting more resilient to it as I get older, but it's in slow steps. My sister knows this, and usually is very accepting of it, but she's gotten a bit more fussy about things as the wedding gets closer.
I cut ties with my sister and didn't bother telling her

My sister and I are both adults (40 & 43). I'll just lost the reasons I can't be bothered anymore. 

-she only ever contacts me when she wants something

 -if I contact her she acts with distain and annoyance. Like I've bothered her. 

-she's dull. Not lacking intelligence, just boring and shallow. Trying to have a conversation, she just answers in grunts or criticising. She has no depth of character or insights.


 -she never tells me anything about her life, or how/what my nephews are doing. When I ask, she just says idk and seems annoyed I bothered her.


 -she smokes weed on a constant basis while complaining about financial trouble, her kid wears hand me downs that are stained and torn. She refuses to talk to our mother for doing that very thing to us as kids though. 

-she has very poor hygiene and her house stinks. My nephew stinks and has visible dirt on him at all times (he's 7). She's constantly getting stomach flu and despite being shown that it comes from poor hygiene refuses to believe it. 

-is very critical and judgemental of my son (14). Any goals, hobbies etc she shoots down and is very vocal about saying theyre stupid, unworthy, weird. Example: he builds robots, wants to be a bus driver, enjoys video games and anime/manga, all of which she tells him is weird and makes fun of him openly, but framed as teasing, we're the oversensitive of we say anything. 


-in the past she would put down my son and question his behaviour in front of him, he's autistic and she would say things like (usually about his stimming, or not wanting to join in sports, her kids are all athletes) "why does he have to do that?" "Why can't he be normal?" "Can't they fix that?" 

 -is completely oblivious that her children have serious faults. Eldest is a 2x college drop out, I don't care, I support him regardless and have never said anything but she criticises my son's plans to be a unionized bus driver meanwhile... Her middle is a stoner, couch surfing with various friends and had no goals. The youngest is a raging brat with terrible body odour that I can't stand to be around. Despite she is always telling me I'm wrong on how in raising my son, that I'll screw him up and use her methods as an example of correct parenting. My son is a straight a student, happy, with friends and had never been in trouble.


- I have her free full-time daycare for 3 YEARS fit FREE for the youngest. It was hard. He's not an easy child and I purposely had only one child. It's not something I ever would want to do. But I did it because she's my sister and she needed help. She wouldn't even give me her wifi password so I could order an Uber on Christmas.

I'm at the point where I'm resentful, and done with it all. Why try when someone is so selfish and bitchy and clearly doesn't care?

Am I the asshole for just not reaching out anymore and not answering calls/texts even though she's my sister?Apologies for any mistakes, this is on my mobile.

So I (F25) had my birthday last week, and on the whole it was a nice day. As I'm currently on maternity leave, I spent most of the day with my nan, grandad, and my baby girl while my husband (M27) worked. That evening my husband and his family had a little get together for me with a birthday meal, cards, presents, and birthday cake. The only issue I had with my day was my actual parents did nothing special for it. 

My parents moved abroad to work four and a bit years ago. They come back to the UK for about two months of the year, and we call at least a few times a month to keep in touch. They were last in the UK in at the beginning of January. 

This is the fourth year in a row now they've not sent me a card, or left me a present to open on my birthday. They did try a family Skype call on my birthday with my little sister J (F22). But my sister was drunk so she was shouting over the top of everyone, and before anyone could even say happy birthday to me their internet went. They didn't try to call back that day, and didn't bother to wish me a happy birthday in the end. 

My issue is my parents still make a big fuss of J on her birthday and always have. J's birthday is a few days before Christmas, and my parents have always worried about her getting a birthmas birthday. So to combat this they used to make a big song and dance about her birthday, and this still continues now. J always has a card and present to open on the day form our parents. We also always do a family Skype call. 

I'm kind of pissed off at the double standards of the whole situation. My sister still gets a fuss made of her on her birthday but I just get nothing. Not even a card, or present, and this year not even a happy birthday from them. 

However there is this part of me that thinks maybe I'm being petty, and that as a fully grown adult with a kid of my own I shouldn't be so bitter people don't want to celebrate my birthday. 

So over to you reddit, AITA for being mad at my parents for celebrating my little sister's birthday more than mine?So this has a bit of backstory, but I got broken up with about 3 weeks ago. It was a relatively amicable breakup, and while I didn't really want it to happen, I recognized that they wanted to part ways with me. Fast forward about a day and me and my best friend were hanging out in the library when my ex came to pull him away. 

I was like, "Ok, sure, that's fine" and left it at that. I later messaged him about it the same day, and told him that, "One of my largest anxieties is that they left me for you" 

The next day I get a message from my other friend that he saw those 2 cuddling and holding hands and shit together in the band hall, a point that I did not know. I asked my best friend about it, and he came clean about getting with my ex the day after we broke up. I was really pissed, and still up to now my blood boils when I see them together.

As of late, he's been trying to talk to me more, and I've basically been shutting down his advances of talking together, and everyone else in my friend group has essentially integrated the both of them into the circle. AITA for no longer wanting to hang out with them?My girlfriend eats with her hands and never uses cutlery. Doesn’t matter if it’s rice, chicken, pasta, etc. It took me a while to get used to this but I’ve come to understand that this is normal in her culture(s) so I accepted it. I don’t judge her for it either. When we go to restaurants she uses cutlery but sometime she’ll forget and use her hands. It’s not a big deal. 

My parents wanted to meet her so we arranged a dinner. For the record, my parents are extremely hard to please and never liked any of my previous girlfriends. Unfortunately they can be very snobby and look down on people who are different and not as privileged. They’re constantly trying to set me up with girls who they believe are in my ‘league’. 

Before the dinner I told my gf that she should only use her hands when eating finger foods and cutlery with the rest. I reminded her several times that she should not start eating normal foods with her hands, licking her fingers etc. She promised she wouldn’t do that but admitted that she’s very nervous about meeting my parents. 

So we were all eating at the table and surprisingly my parents actually seemed to like her. Things were going well but then she gradually stopped using a fork/knife. She was using her hands to eat everything that was on her plate. At one point she reached over and grabbed some vegetables and put them straight into her mouth. My parents had the biggest WTF look on their face and kept glancing at each other. I was staring at my gf, trying to give subtle hints, but she was completely oblivious. She actually said “fuck, this is nice” and continued talking about her pet. 

Afterwards I told her that her behavior was unacceptable and that I wanted her to give off a good impression which she didn’t. She got really upset and accused me of being ‘mean’ and ‘heartless’. She actually spoke with her friends about it and they all agreed that I’m a xenophobic, judgmental asshole who doesn’t care about her feelings. In fact I was called a “typical white male” and a “racist asshole”. Personally, I don’t mind if she eats with her hands but I think if others are around she should adjust her attitude a little bit. AITA?

**TL;DR Gf ate with her hands in front of my snobby parents. I told her that it was unacceptable and now she’s really upset. She and her thinks think I’m TA.**My lab (that I love very much) is 11 years old and I’ve had her since she was a puppy. 3 months after I gave birth to our first baby I started experiencing horrific allergies. Like non-stop sneezing, faucet nose, rashes, etc.  They are unbearable about 50 percent of the time and the other 50 percent they are just ok and I control them with Zyrtec, etc. I finally got tested and found out I’m extremely allergic to dogs (even though I never had an issue for 10 years). I love our dog very much but my quality of life is being affected to the point where I can’t deal. I’ve suggested to my husband (even though it breaks my heart) that we find her a new loving home (with someone who would continue to let us see her) but he doesn’t want to talk about it. He very rarely pays attention to our dog anymore post baby, So I was a little shocked at how dismissive he was at my suggestion. Am I being unreasonable?

EDIT: He feeds her and walks her but just doesn’t play with her how we used to pre-baby. She used to sleep with us, etc. but now we just don’t give her the same amount of attention. It also breaks my heart that I can’t even pet her. We would absolutely provide financial assistance to whoever kept her but I don’t actually have anybody in mind and wouldn’t give her to just anybody.I’m writing on mobile so excuse the weird formatting. So I’ve been in the same accounting class as one of my friends for a couple months. We have a test usually every week and I spend hours making pages upon pages of notes. I always send them to my friend because he asks and he never has taken notes in class so I feel bad. 

A couple days ago we had a large test and this separate sheet we had to fill out the multiple choice on. During the test he tapped my desk quite loudly and asked if I could move my sheet so he could see. My teacher heard and told us to keep our eyes on our own paper. After a couple minutes he asks me again to move it and I told him I don’t want to risk being caught because my teacher was keeping an extra good eye on us now. 

I feel really bad as he doesn’t really apply himself in class, he’s usually on his phone rather then taking notes. So I try my best to help him but I draw the line at getting caught especially because I really like this teacher. He hasn’t been talking to me much since. AITA?

Edit: He’s been ignoring me for days and I sit right next to him so it’s super awkward. We got our tests back and he looked super upset about it.I have always had a really good relationship with my dad.  It is something I am very grateful for as I have several friends who cannot say the same about their own fathers. 

Unfortunately my dad went through a rough divorce from my mother a few years ago, and since then, has been very sneaky about how he spends his personal time.  While this can sometimes be very annoying, it is usually a source of laughter between me and my brother.

My dad has been dating a woman who is quite a bit younger than him.  She is much closer to my age than his.  I don’t really mind because it’s his life, not mine, but other people love to ask me how I feel about it.  This particular girlfriend tends to compete with me for my dad’s attention.  It’s always small, petty things and I try not to give it much attention because I shouldn’t have to fight for my own dad’s attention... and quite frankly, I don’t want to put him in an uncomfortable position.  I have always assumed she is more competitive with me because we are close in age.

When I got engaged, I was ecstatic and called my dad immediately. I told him my boyfriend had proposed and he responded with an underwhelming “oh okay”.  I was confused as I know my dad loves my partner but realized his girlfriend was probably nearby and he didn’t want the pressure of explaining why he hadn’t proposed to her yet. I was disappointed and felt a little bit like he tainted what is supposed to be an exciting experience. I brushed it off and set a wedding date for 13 months later.

Two weeks before my wedding, I found out from my cousin that my dad was planning to marry his girlfriend during the upcoming weekend on a vacation getaway. I felt extremely hurt that 1) he didn’t tell me and 2) he was getting married literally a week before me. I can’t even explain why I didn’t want them to get married at that time.  I just had a selfish moment and didn’t want them to “taint” another big moment of mine.  There are so many weekends they can get married... why did they have to choose the weekend just before my wedding?

I made a real effort in all my wedding planning not to be a Bridezilla in any way to anyone so I didn’t reach out to my dad. I was upset and vented to my brother.  My brother, however, flipped out and basically scared my dad into waiting another month or two.  (I wasn’t there for that conversation.)

When he got back from vacation, just before my wedding, I asked why he would want to get married at that time.  He responded that it was his girlfriend’s idea and he just wanted to make her happy.  With the amount of pettiness I’ve seen from her, it just didn’t feel like an accident or poor timing.  I told him I was very hurt he wouldn’t consider my feelings in order to please her.  Since then, I can tell he has a lot of guilt and I may have caused bad blood between us.

AITA for hurting my dad’s feelings and selfishly causing a delay in his wedding?First time posting, here it goes:

&#x200B;

I \[32F\] have known my BFF \[31F\] for 20+ years. We’ve been through pretty much everything… school, breakups, heartaches, vacations, weddings. We’re both married, and she has a baby boy who’s about to turn one. 

&#x200B;

The thing is, she’s become, for lack of a better word, bitter. For the last few years, every time something’s happened that didn’t fit with her expectations, she’s really taken it to heart and has felt miserable. And no amount of trying to make her see things differently has changed that, which has made it hard to talk to her about the deep stuff.

&#x200B;

Her in-laws have means. They gave my friend’s husband the apartment where they live. They allowed my friend and her husband to pursue a business in a property that belongs to them, that’s supposed to be demolished eventually. And they bought them a new property to relocate their activities once the old one's demolished. This relocation was not supposed to happen until next year, apparently.

&#x200B;

My friend told me recently that they’ve had a conversation with her in-laws in which they stated that plans would be changing, and that they should cease to engage with business activities from July onwards, because they might start on demolishing the old property sooner than expected. As for the new property, they suggested to put it to good use soon. My friend and her husband have not been able to save enough to invest in a remodeling of the scale that they’d need (when I say they share a business together, I don’t necessarily mean it’s a profitable one). So she’s a bit taken aback by the sudden changes, which I get. The thing is, she’s appalled at the fact that her in-laws hinted at the fact that they should ‘get to work’ with this, because otherwise it’s like they're purely being handed things to them. And, I don’t want to side with the in-laws because they’re not the greatest… however, I kinda see the point. 

&#x200B;

It’s tricky how things have turned out because she comes from a very hardworking family, she knows about sacrifices… yet, all the plans that she’s made in the last few  years are a) with her husband; and b) dependent on his family backing them up. She’s told me that she really wants to pursue an independent career (good for her!); yet no suggestions on how to expand her horizons seem good enough for her.

Which brings me to the original question. I perceive a sense of entitlement on her part when she addresses how her in-laws are constantly modifying their plans and about to readapt to what they say. But… I mean, the properties are theirs? I feel that it’s not the in-laws fault that she’s become so dependent on them. But I also see the pressure she’s under, though I can’t shake off the feeling that it’s a pressure that she created upon herself. 

&#x200B;

I’m super indecisive about how to approach this subject, for fear of her getting super pissed at me. So... WIBTA if I told my friend that she’s becoming entitled?My boss= MNGR Me=me

On December 12, 2019 6:15pm, I put in a request for February 28, 2020 off. I made the request through the employee portal at \[insert grocery store chain here\]. When I went and checked back 2 wks later, the date said reviewed. Fast forward to last night, I go to check the schedule for the next week (note that my payperiod runs from Thurs-Wed) and it says that I'm working on that day.  

The date in question is my 1 yr anniversary to a great man, who helped get me into recovery for alcohol addiction (among other good things). Go Lovebug! The schedule in question was also created in such a way that I can't swap with anyone else in my department (front-end). I'm the only one with Both Thursday and Wednesday off. 

When I asked MNGR about it she claimed to have forgotten it, despite having it in writing TWICE. MNGR is the only one besides the store manager that has access to the schedule. I then asked her If she would pay me $120 out of her pocket, as so to compensate me for the money I already spent on this special occasion. She said no, and that me working should already be compensation enough.

So Reddit, am I the asshole for skipping a day of work?My friend has been living with me and my family for a while now. Im letting him use my room and I sometimes watch his dog. I love the dog but she only listens for about a day without him and he knows this.

 I have watched her for about 2 days and hes just ignoring our messages right now and it's pissing me and my mother off. Shes an adorable dog but she doesn't use the bathroom without being off the leash and she only listens with him.

 I told him that shes been bad, shes not listening, and all around been a bad dog and that his dog is more important than a girl he met a week or two ago. 
Am I the asshole for this?Hi,

A throwaway account as I am not comfortable posting under my main account.

Some background to the story: Me and my husband has been married for over 2 years now. When we met I live alone in a (rented) studio apartment in a big city, and I was very happy with the situation. I used to work from home for an overseas company and he own his own company in a much smaller city. When we decided to move in together it makes sense for me to move in to his house (which he own) due to the work situation. After we got married we bought a house in a slightly bigger city because living in such a small city with nothing around drove me insane. Plus, he moved his office to accommodate the expansion that is literally less than 5 minutes drive to the house. So the move is NOT only for my sake.

I used to earned enough for myself plus a good chunk of saving but he always make much more than I did. When we met he earned around 3 times as much as I did and as his company grows (after we get married) he earned 3 times as much now than then, meanwhile I had to give up my old job because the old owner sold the company and the new owner required me to move to their location. This was of course not an option as my husband cannot move and he earned a lot more anyway. So now I am working part time, earn much less, and work much more (it requires me to do a lot of commuting). 

We have separate finances and since the beginning of our relationship he always pays for all the major bills (mortgage, electricity, car payments - including mine, etc) except for groceries and other expenses (laundry, things for the house, etc), which I pay. He also pays for most of our vacations and dates. I do 95% of the housework (cooking, laundry, cleaning, grocery shopping) while he clear the snow in winter (I get sick easily if staying out in the cold too long). It works out OK as I have more time at home, and he works long hours 6 days a week.

He often casually jokes about without him I will be living on the street and I should be grateful that I am allowed to live in the house (which is under our name, but he does pay the mortgage). It might worth noting that under our house there is an apartment that we rent and the rent covers 75% of the monthly mortgage of our house. I put down 20% of the down payment of our house and he paid the rest. Anyway, I don't think he has the right to joke about that and everytime I get offended he always tells me that I am being too serious, it is just a joke. But I starts to wonder if deep down he actually feels that I mooch off him. Everytime this happens I get really pissed and told him that I don't really need him and I can live on my own. 

AITA for taking his joke too seriously??Whenever I have an apple core or a banana peel or something and I'm outside I usually throw it under a bush or by the base of a tree or something with the idea that it's biodegradable and will actually do the plant some good, not harm. 

A lot of people seem to take issue with this, looking at me as if I'm throwing plastic on the ground or something. I even had a friend a few years back who didn't side with me even after I explained myself, and a few moments ago I got a weird look for throwing an apple core into some bushes.

AITA for "littering" even though the things are biodegradable?


Edit: Thank you to those who kindly suggested composting and provided information on the downsides of doing what I've been doing. I don't know why I've never considered composting haha and wow, apple cores and banana peels apparently take longer to degrade than I thought!

To those of you implying I don't care about the environment or are otherwise presumptuous and rude, go eat a bag of shriveled up banana peels.I never knew my father growing up. Me and my mom lived with my grandparents growing up till I was about 9 and they moved to Florida and me and my mom moved to Illinois. 

I never really cared until I was about 17. I had apways been curious and whenever I started talking about it my my would start crying and yelling at me. So I stopped bringing it up.

I recently just turned 19 and my mom is really encouraging me to make my own decisions. So I sat down with her and told her I wanted to find him. She got really upset about it. She told me that all that would do is cause drama in our family (My mother got married this past November to my stepdad and I like him enough. I've known him sense I was 8 and except for some fights we've had when I was younger, he's a great dad and I really do consider him my dad, as he raised me for the past 10ish years) She went on about how we don't need anything from him, how he's probably a drug addict and how I should think about my stepdad's feelings. 

I looked her on the eye and told her that I was going to do this with or without her and all I needed from her was his last name. She told me she would think about giving it too me.

I've done everything I can to find him. The only problem is that nobody knows who he is. My grandparents never met him and the only person I could figure out who knows him is my mom's best friend, who I call my aunt. So I contacted my aunt behind my mom's back to ask her some questions and see if she knows anything. She did some research for me and can't find any details. But she told me that the reason my mom is acting that way is because before I was born, my mom decided that she would raise me without him, so she can't see why I would want to know him. 

I'm at a loss on what to do and I'm afraid to go to my mom again because I feel like all she's gonna do is yell at me. AITA?I work as an English teacher at a bi-lingual school in the middle east. In my teachers room there are a mix of foreign teachers and local staff. Some of the local staff speak English. I'm one of the foreign teachers. 

This week, one of my local colleagues translated for another colleague who wanted to know if I had any quizzes during my wednesday class because she wanted some of my class time for her quiz. She asked the same thing a few weeks ago and I'm a little reluctant to give up my class time because on Wednesdays we do vocab. Vocab is a big part of the weekly quiz and it takes ages to get through in class. So I told her I would speak with my supervisor because she's in charge of scheduling and swapping classes if we need to. 

I told my supervisor that I'm not really happy about giving up my class time and I feel like for some reason these women think it's easy for me and they wouldn't ask the other teachers. I've recently had a tough time with this particular year group I'm teaching and any class time I can have that will also help me build a better relationship with them is super valuable to me. It goes beyond just teaching vocab. 

My supervisor told me that they shouldn't be using other teachers' time because they should be able to plan and make sure there is enough in their own lesson also. She told me not worry and that she would speak to the lady who supervises the local staff. 

Today one of my colleagues who was doing the translation came up to me and told me that obviously I must have misunderstood her and passed on something completely wrong to my supervisor (I did not, I got this query a few weeks ago as well). 

The teacher who wanted my class time has been giving me angry glances and while I don't speak a lot of Arabic I know enough to understand they've been talking about me and gossip is the law of the land here, so she's been venting her frustration at other teachers. 

When I'm alone with them in the teachers room, I feel anxious and uncomfortable because of the passive aggression. 

All I wanted was to not have to give up my class time and went to my supervisor but it seems they think I was TA. 

So, AITA?I work at a company that does small robotics, mechanical engineering, and in-house machining projects and I know that my boss thinks well of my work and trusts my judgement. I've been getting really great reviews and raises every year at performance review time, and whenever my boss interviews someone who went to my college, he asks me if I know them and whether I had any impressions of their work ethic, personality fit, etc.

I should also mention that my office is not a very uptight place, it's a small office where pretty much everyone knows everyone, will hang out and shoot the shit, and where honesty and directness is respected over "playing the game." 

My boss asked me if I knew a guy named "Joe Smith" who was an engineering student in my cohort.

I answered honestly, yeah I knew him, we had classes together, I actually dated him for a semester.

My boss asked what he was like and I said I can't comment on him professionally, that wasn't a context I knew him in.

He asked if I would have any conflict or difficulty working with him considering our history, and I said that I would have no trouble with anyone who'd treat me professionally in the office, regardless of history. I said I hadn't spoken to him for years and considered that relationship well in the past.

He asked if I got an impression on his work ethic and personality from when we knew each other, and I said that I did have my opinion, but it was in a whole different context than a workplace, we knew each other as students and as a couple.

He asked what my impressions were, if I was comfortable sharing them.

I said that I didn't have the best impression of his work ethic or independence, he was honestly sort of a momma's boy. He procrastinated on schoolwork to game and get high and would come to me a day before it was due looking for help. I made the mistake of enabling him for too long, and I found he depended more and more on my academic help once he knew I would bail him out. 

He also had much less independence than I would expect for a 20/21 year old, he relied on his mom for almost everything, from laundry, car maintenance, stepping in during conflicts with professors, planning dates he would take me on (no joke, our v-day reservations were under his mom's name)... 

That was the main reason we broke up, we were in such different places in life and he was acting like dead weight.

I said a few years had passed since then, and I wouldn't want to recommend against him if it seemed he had grown up since then, but those were my honest impressions from the time.

My boss ended up not offering Joe a job and I don't know if it had anything to do with what I said.

AITA for saying what I did? I usually wouldn't bring personal history up, but my boss asked, and I had some honest doubts about his work ethic and ability to do challenging things independantly.Shes 24F I'm 28M married for 2 years no kids. Shes a very artsy free spirit citizen of the world type, and understandably wants a boyfriend/husband who has the same personality. Problem is in our city(cant speak for the rest of the world) those guys are mostly, not all but mostly. One night hit it and quit it party fucccbois, which i also dont see anything wrong with live and let live I say.

&#x200B;

Now every weekend and often during the week she'll go to party, clubs, etc and end up going home with one of them only to 'get her heart broken in the morning' when she 'realizes shes not special to him' and 'just another one nighter'.

&#x200B;

Anyway, she came to me asking for advice and i didnt sugar coat it. I told her where she goes and the types of people she chases after(around here at least) are NOT the places and people she wants to be around if she wants a long lasting relationship. Which she did \*not\* want to hear and kept going on about 'but what if I find that one in a million and convince him to stick around more than one night?'.  

&#x200B;

I made the mistake of asking if she was sleeping with so many guys in an attempt to get one to stick around, she said she didnt know any other way to do it since thats how it worked for our aunts(dunno if thats true) and what everyone says works.

&#x200B;

I told her that doesnt really happen in the real world much, tried to explain how just going out for one night stand after one night stand isnt how you build a relationship, and saying that a lot of what she thinks are good ideas are iffy at best.

&#x200B;

She got up in a huff and left, then about an hour and a half later I get a call from mom yelling and demanding to know how I could break her baby's heart and dreams like I did. Then a few more from texts from mutual friends saying I was way too mean and painted too broad a bush.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I wasnt trying to, but was I ta?Hey, I am just trying to judge whether I was acting out of line. My boyfriend and I moved in together (I bought a house and he is renting his old house) a few months ago. When he rented his old house he needed to move his old 22 year-old Jeep Wrangler to the new house. It was a fun little car but is now so unreliable that we really can’t take it out of town unless we are going to the beach. It was also leaking coolant and oil onto the nice new paver driveway and it was getting annoying to clean it. I was trying to take it to the beach for my runs to use it on a daily basis but he kept getting worried about putting the top on and off at night so he asked me to help sell it for him on Craigslist. He was holding out for a higher price for a while but then had to re-register and re-insure it so went for the highest bidder. I was coming home from work right as he was selling it and he came in and dropped a check on the desk and said “done!” It was technically his Jeep so I was not too involved in the transaction. I looked at the check and it was really fake looking — the bank logo was a 72 dpi bitmap, there was no register, it didn’t have the bank’s name written properly and it had no security features whatsoever (it said on the top that when photocopied it would say “void” but this didn’t happen when I photocopied it. Before he sold it I had said to be careful and take only cash or Venmo/PayPal but he’s very anti-modern with regards to finances and likes to “do everything in person at the teller.” He didn’t take a copy of the guy’s driver’s license or anything. His ATM PIN is comically and ridiculously insecure... As soon as I realized the check was probably fake I called the police. The person was driving this very characteristic looking car down the street with no license plate and I figured they might have a chance to catch them before they got very far. He went to the bank and said “the check deposited fine — who are you to doubt the teller!” But I am 99% sure that it is fraudulent. He told me to cancel the police report so I did. Am I the asshole for being so suspicious about the fake check? He had to go back to work so I wanted to do it, but I’m upset that he would be so naïve about the whole thing. I think it’s really not a good sign for our relationship together and it makes me really scared about having him judge finances and join finances with him. Am I overreacting?
Disclaimer this happened in the Autumn.

I grew up for most of my life in a place that was very unstable. Bombings and  happened. It's become an instinct of mine to get the hell away if I hear any mention of a bomb, a warning to get away, or if I see people running from something. Me and my family have never been hurt but a lot of that comes down to luck, I've known families who were not so lucky.

I moved to America with my family this year. I'm going to an American school.

I was in chemistry class and my teacher said "Today I've brought a bomb... (Laugh) A bomb calorimeter in to show you all." 

But that made me panic for a couple reasons. 

1. I had no idea what a calorimeter was. 

2. I stopped really listening after he said Today I've brought a bomb... And I was up out of my seat looking for a way out. Probably nothing he said next would have convinced me to stay.

3. I wasn't really thinking rationally... Like of course, now that I think of it, my science teacher in America isn't exactly who I'd expect to do something bad... But my brain basically shut down after I heard that word 

So with all that going on, I went for the window. The window was open but there was a screen in. I jumped out and laid down next to the brick of the building, in a place not directly under the window. 

And of course nothing happened. I got up and walked to the road and called uber to go home because I was feeling kind of shaken up and had no damn idea what had gone on. And the next day at school I came in and immediately got in trouble for breaking the window screen and leaving with no trace.

I told the principal, I lived somewhere where bombings were common, my family knows people who lost their lives that way. I don't think anyone should be saying that they brought bombs like it's a joke. And I sure as anything was running if someone was saying that stuff, and I sure wasn't coming back.

The principal explained that my teacher had said he'd brought "a bomb calorimeter' which is a tool used in chemistry experiments.

I said that I thought that was a poor excuse, if someone had said "I'm gonna shoot you" then laughed and went "I'm gonna shoot you with my camera and take a picture" you wouldn't blame someone for running... I felt like that was the same.

She acted like I was overreacting or lying to make drama, she didn't think I actually was scared... Because what kind of person would expect their teacher to bomb the class, this is a nice safe area, that kind of thing doesn't happen here and I should know it...

I think my teacher and principal have had a grudge on me since...

AITA for running out?So my roommate and I are just two college dudes who share a 2 bedroom together. Well for whatever reason he leaves his retainer next to the sink, which is right next to the toilet. I was brushing my teeth and I guess I must have accidentally hit his retainer into the toilet. Well I didn’t notice that his retainer wasn’t there. So I went to unzip my pants and go to the bathroom. I didn’t see the retainer at the bottom of the toilet. It must have settled underneath somewhere, so I flushed the toilet assuming it wasn’t in there. Now my roommate is extremely mad at me and demanding that I pay $300 to get him a new retainer. We are both broke college students btw. So AITA? What’s the best thing to do in this situation? He is now refusing to speak to me unless I pay him $300. 😫24F.

2018 I leave a toxic relationship & had nowhere to go. Live w aunt & uncle for free as long as I clean up after myself. Could've charged me rent anytime but they chose not to. They help me get a car & put me on their insurance (down payment, car payments, & insurance all paid out of my own pocket).

2019 I move onto a healthy relationship. Things are good & I choose not to introduce bf to them bc of how they are. They feel if a person doesn't reach their standards, that person isn't good enough. Didn't want him to feel interrogated & judged. Around Xmas aunt gets upset bc I made prior plans to spend Xmas eve & Xmas day w his family. She says I'm hurting her feelings & feels I don't like our family anymore.

Later I make mistake of mentioning I get 6 tickets for my college graduation since the arena has limited seats. My parents, siblings, & bf are going with one ticket left. She asked if I wanted to know what she thinks & I say "tell him not to go so you & uncle can go?" when she rudely says "Well I don't see what he's ever done for you". Says I pay no rent, have a car, went back to school, and did dental work. I say I’m the one paying all that but tells me it wouldn't have been possible if I "had to pay rent somewhere".

Later asks about my living plans after grad & tell her I'm moving early in March w my bf. Proceeds to talk about how introverted I am, need to get out of my shell, need to go out in public more, talk to strangers, if I don't I'll never know how to talk professionally w others in the workplace. She made me feel there was something wrong with me bc I am introverted & shy. Conversation goes to my graduation. Claims I’m not grateful enough & feels used if I don't invite her & my uncle. I'm crying bc she's guilting me & basically said everything I have now is because of them & I owe them. I will admit I could’ve been more vocal of expressing my gratitude. Friends, boss, other relatives think aunt is controlling & unfair. It’s my day & I should choose who celebrates with me. I don’t have to invite them to my graduation to express my gratitude.

Made past comments about bf saying if he doesn't go back for his bachelors (he has an associates) or get a better job, I need to dump him or need to date someone “more established”. Didn't bother to make a stink over my older sis’ graduation 5 years ago so I don't see why mine’s a big deal.

An hour ago I get back from the store & she hands me my bday card (bday's on Friday) & asked when I was moving. Told her next week & she claims I said end of February & would like me to move out this weekend. Goes to walk away & has the audacity to say happy bday. Tired of her trying to control what I do, who I date, where to work, be all in my business, & make everything about her & her feelings. I feel she wants me to be miserable on my grad day by not having my bf there so long as she gets her way & her feelings are spared.

Am I being unreasonable?I was in a class where at this time we were talking about world views and life experiences and such and this girl says something along the lines of, "I don't get why swear words are so offensive? They're just words."


Me being the devil-advocate I usually am say the first thing that pops into my head, "Well, in that case why are things like the n-word offensive?"


She just looks at me bewildered and offended and just goes, "I can't believe you just compared swears to hate speech."


I did not mean at all by my comment to imply that swears and hate speech are on the same level of seriousness. Rather, I was trying to make a point that words have meaning from context and uses that have built up over a long history, and it really isn't up to your personal sensibilities whether the general public should regard the word as offensive or not.


So, of course, I get upset and try to explain myself better (unsuccessfully) with an analogy. Trying to explain how I wouldn't be offended by people insulting me or calling me slurs because they're either not true or I just do not care about that sort of thing. Though I did not manage to connect this example to my actual point because I suck at communicating and it's hard to say what you really mean when you're upset.


She gets more offended and goes off on a story about how it's disgusting I would compare hate speech to swears and they're not the same at all, and how she personally had slurs used against her by her family because she was lesbian/bi.


At this point I start crying and apologizing because I didn't know her family was like that and I didn't mean to offend anyone, I was just trying to get a point across.


She doesn't accept my apology, she just sits with her arms crossed staring at me. As other kids try to find a middle ground by saying, "Well it's all about context!"


She ends the discussion by saying, "Well I just get why people can say hate speech isn't offensive. I mean, I personally am not offended by it, but other people are and that's important, they've been harmed by this speech!"


AITA for upsetting this girl and using an inappropriate example to try and argue her point? I didn't do a good job explaining my counterargument or reasoning, and I could see why she thought I was just saying that swears = slurs.The friend shall be named Bob.
Bob loves to debate and treats conversations as if they were debates. His policy for winning is that feelings don't matter. It works.

Last year there was a major argument about this approach between our common friends. Since then he has become significantly more considerate of others.

We were texting about a topic he has a much stronger grasp on and at some point I asked him to explain an idea he had mentioned a few days ago. He said no. Curious, I asked why, and the reason was 'no because no'.

Some of my own context: It takes time for me fully comprehend how somebody wants me to react. This means that I constantly ask for feedback, so 'is this okay?', 'what would you/do you want me to do in this situation?', 'can I somehow help?','do you want me to leave? Please tell me' etc. Are things I constantly ask. yes, this gets repetitive and most likely annoying but I don't know how else to show others I care.

As a debater, Bob will drill on and on till the oponent either gives up or breaks. If given an evasive answer he WILL call them up on it in no uncertain terms.
Taking this into account, I specifically asked about the reasoning behind saying 'no because no'. It was hurtful to get this reaction from Bob with his debator resoning and i asked, specifically underlining that I'd like to understand why 'no because no' doesn't necesarilly mean something negative and that at the time I felt hurt with his reaction and want to learn how to avoid this in the future.

He got angry and said that if he says no, there is no reason for him to explain anything and that frankly he doesn't care about my opinion, if he says no, he doesn't need to justify himself and asked me to please stop. I did, and didnt mention this again.

Overall, I feel awful for making Bob angry. He never said 'please stop' (usually just ignored the question altogether and moved on) before and I feel like I've crossed an invisible boundry. I appreciate him reacting in the first place and not ignoring the question. However, I don't see my fault in here other than trying to understand whats going on. Furthermore, from my perspective it looks like he can attack others all he wants and be without fault but when something like this is directed towards him, it is the utmost evil. Tomorrow he will pretend this never happened and although we both will probably end up brushing this off and me definately apologising many times, it'll still be a nagging thought at the back of my mind that will keep me feeling guilty.

Am I the asshole here?So one of my good friends consistently "trolls" me over text by saying offensive and fight-worthy things. Not clever trolls, just plain disrespect.  He is a great guy and great friend in person, we were very close, but over text he just says the most fucked up things and anytime he gets butt-hurt or says these things he claims that he is just trolling. Even in person, there are times where he gets really sensitive about the slightest joke and then claims that he was just trolling, to the point where I never even crack jokes near him because he feels like a ticking time bomb. He claims that he is like this due to childhood trauma, but I told him several times before IN PERSON that he needs to stop texting me like that and he continues to do it. We've had this conversation so many times and he still decides to text me like that, which in his defense he does text like that to some of his other friends I don't know, but none of our mutual friends. 

So yesterday, I saw him in person and basically cut ties with him. We happened to be in the same room with each other and I was pretty pissed off and tried to get a rise out of him as payback. This was an asshole move for sure, but I just wanted to see what lengths he would act like he was not butthurt and say that he was trolling. Lo and behold, he was visibly angry and threatening me yet when I would call him out on it, he would just say that he was trolling. I told him at some point that he's full of shit and a bitch and when he left it was clear that we both not friends anymore. 

One of my friends in the room said that it was an example of an unstoppable force meeting an unmovable object. So what are yall thoughts. 

TLDR: Friend keeps "trolling" / being offensive over texts, I told him to stop several times, he keeps doing it, and now I finally blew up on him and we not friends anymore.This is gonna be quick but I’m pretty young (14F) and the dude I’m about to talk about is around the same, I just needed to give that context so you don’t think his words are coming from an adult. 

We were watching this movie in class for a film study and there was a particular scene where a lady in the film was breast feeding. You could see everything which honestly shouldn’t matter but this guy goes, “Ew. I’m just going to look away, that’s gross.” This kind of pissed me off a little so I turned his way (he was across the classroom) and I said something along the lines of, “It’s literally just breastfeeding, not a big deal.” The class laughed and I could see that he got really embarrassed. 

The reason I’d feel bad for him is because I know he has some issues with his masculinity because of the household he has been brought up in (we used to be good friends about two years ago) so I wonder if he feels like he constantly has to prove himself or something and it ended up with me embarrassing him in front of the class. Maybe I could’ve handled it better with that information in mind. AITA?So Today I am a 187 yr old Female that's name is "Bob". I was walking down the street today, hold up, I forgot to tell you my place. I live in the medieval age known as 2020. Anyways I was walking in my area and found a black guy sitting on the hanging area with a crowd of people around him. I am terrified when I see that he is eating a chicken breast or wing that is so small I noticed it. Instantly I went to him and stole his chicken, I then started yelling at him for how I am a vegan, feminist, god, child, adult, human, alien, animal, Karen, antivax, gay, no homo like president of United States, citizen of Greenland live in Australia, New Jersey. And how I hate that he is eating chicken because I like it more then he does. He then tells me that it wasn't even chicken and was a chair. I then kill his family and friends.English isn't my first language so i'm sorry for the misspellings. Background, when my boyfriend was 16, his mom gave him a puppy Jack Russell for his birthday. She's very sweet to humans (except if she's outside on a walk and someone she doesn't know touches her as a surprise), but other animals she will not hasitate to kill. So you could say she isn't very social.

When my boyfriend and I decided to move in together we wanted to take the dog with us because technically it was my boyfriends dog. But MIL didn't want that, she took the dog with her when she moved in with her boyfriend. That's fine not a problem, we lived 1.5hours away from each other so we didn't see the dog a lot and the dog became her dog, right? We moved house, we adopted a dog  and found 2 cats. When she goed on vacation, she expected us to babysit the dog at her house (she still had a house 20minutes away from us) so she would drop of the dog at that house and expect that one of us would live in the house while she was on vacation. We agreed a couple of times because she would be away for 2 or 3 days that's not the end of the world. After all she said, 'it's boyfriends dog'. I was tired of her using that as an excuse, it was his dog before we moved, but now the dog was hers. So i told her that that isn't the case anymore. We love the dog and will help when we can but not by giving us a bad feeling if we tell her 'no'. So after all that we convince her that she needs to book an dog pension when she goes on longer trips. She did that and was a little pissed at us for making her do that. She found a dogpension nearby the place her boyfriend and her lived and everything is fine, she's happy with the place, the dog looks happy when she gets picked up.

Now to the recent story, my mother in law is single again and moved back into her house. She doesn't have a drivers liscence. So a lot of times, we will drive her around when she needs shit done. Not a problem but she's a person that expects you to drop everything, it's really annoying. We brought her dog a couple of times to the dogpension when she goes on a vacation. We asked her those times to start looking for a place nearby, because we drove 1.5hours to drop of and pick up the dog. Now she called again with the same question. The big problem now is, by the time she goes on vacation, our son will be born and he will be 2 months old. She expects me to do it 'because I'm still at home with the baby.' I told her that I don't want to say yes yet. If our son likes the car, sure but if my son doesn't like the car and will cry the whole way then I don't want to do it. And not only that, her dog isn't well behaved in the car, she will bark and go nuts when she sees people, also the pension expect us to arrive between 10 and 11 AM. We all know how that goes with little kids. So I need to drive with a crazy dog in the backseat and maybe a crying baby for a total of 3hours. AITA for not saying yes immediatly?I work(ed) in an animal shelter, my last day is Friday. Since the first day I started there I was informed that we do not get a lunch. We are working 8 hour shifts, sometimes people have to work the full 10. I have an email from my boss saying that we have a "working lunch" you have to work while you eat. I also have an email from my boss saying if we leave to pick up lunch, he will make us stay for the full 10 hour day and only then we will be able to have a 30 minute lunch. 


We are paid for the full 8 hour shift, however there are times when we can't even eat. Paying delivery fees on food can make it much more expensive, and sometimes I just would like a moment to not be moving nonstop.  I also feel like it is not healthy/ safe because do work with animals,  eat, and work with animals again. Seems like an easy way for someone to get something zoonotic. I work for the city, so I believe they know about this. I looked up the laws in my state and they say that you have to have 30 minutes uninterrupted lunch for every 8 hours. 


I am not going to be there, but I don't believe this is fair. My boss can be a dick, but he's for the most part been respectful to me. I believe he and others above him will get in a lot of trouble if I report this. I don't think it's fair to my other coworkers, but they don't seem to care so should I just forget about it? Or should I try to help the people who are still there, call and at least report this.My wife's brother is going through hard times, mostly at his own doing. Few years back he got in a drunk driving accident that left the other motorist injured, he spent a year in jail. Since getting out he's done nothing but blame others for all his problems, constantly getting drunk cussing out other family members, saying horrible things to his parents, sisters, brothers alike. He's made no effort to work on his life, get his license back, stop drinking or anything remotely productive. He was living in a motel by his current job with a fellow employee, but the co worker got laid off and he claimed he couldn't afford the motel alone. He's burned pretty much all his bridges in the family so much so he wasn't invited to his sisters recent wedding. He told my wife he stayed under a bridge for a night or two (Which i think is a complete lie) but he asked if he could crash in our guest room for a couple nights. Bless my wife, she has the biggest heart and even tho he's treated her and everyone in her family like shit for the last few years she said that's still her brother and she can't let him stay under a bridge. A couple days turned into a week, then 2, and now its almost been a month. He is giving us some money weekly, however i still feel like he's taking advantage of my wives generosity and that we're essentially enabling him to continue to drift through life. Now the guy's never personally done anything to me, other than treating my wife like shit, but she tolerates it. However we really just don't have much in common and I really just don't like being around him. I have to spend 3 hours alone with the guy every day after work before my wife gets home from work and its usually just awkward and generally not enjoyable. He has a decent job, making over $20/hr so i don't for one second believe he can't afford to get a place by his work and do his own thing. When he first came my wife made it clear this wasn't a permanent solution and he needed to get his affairs in order and find a place. He's made himself real cozy in our guest room, and comes home from work every day, drinks a 40 oz or 2, plays video games then goes to bed. Now maybe he's looking for places or trying to figure shit out through out the day, but from my perspective it really doesn't seem like it. If I'm being honest aside from the feeling that he's taking advantage of us, I also just don't want him around. Its my house, I work hard to have the things i have, and when i come home i want to relax and be comfortable and with him around I don't even enjoy being in my own home. He's in his late 20's and has a decent job, and i feel like its time for him to spread his wings and fend for himself, if he ends up under a bridge he has no one to blame but himself. Am I the ass hole for feeling this way and wanting to kick him out?So I work near a restaurant that has Mexican style on Wednesday and Saturday nights. Guys come in with their cowboy hats and their women in fine dress, drink cheap beer and dance to loud Mexican music, it's a blast to watch and experience from a far.

Last Thursday, I worked a morning shift (5a-2p) and as I saw my coworker pull away I noticed something on the ground where his car was parked. It was a wallet that had ~1400 in it in mixed bills as well as a license. No other cards or anything, just money and license. I went over to the restaurant and asked if anyone was looking for a wallet, they said no, so I gave them my contact info and told them to give me a call if anyone comes in looking, and I did the same for my work, those are only the two businesses nearby. I then went to the address on the ID and tried to return it there, no dice as it was a new family who moved in a month or so ago. 

I made mention I found it, the contents and half jokingly said, if nobody comes for it by Sunday, I'm going to keep it. Some of my friends laughed and said I did my best trying to get it and if nobody comes for it then the money is mine, but my other friends think that I should keep holding onto it or give it to the restaurant to hold, and that I'm an asshole for even suggesting to keep it.

So AITA?

Edit: The Owner of the Restaurant which is who I spoke to, didn't want the responsibility of the wallet, it was he who suggested that I just give my contact info. 

I did go to the local PD after going to dudes old house, who said they'd just hold it for 30 days, but unless someone came forward they wouldn't take the time to find them, and said I was better off giving it to the restaurant, or trying to find the guy on the ID.

I'll go to the post office on my next day off and see what they say.

Edit 2: I put that a lost wallet was found in the area, on his towns FB (30 min away) and my own towns FB, as well as our shared county FB. We will see if we get any hits. I'll also be holding onto the wallet for a month.A few things to clarify first:
-I cannot switch seats
-I cannot drive to this school as it’s a special trade school that our school offers us to go to with application

So the girl that sits across from me of course as you can see from the title, has Down Syndrome and sings REALLY LOUD. Like loud enough to where I’m blasting MCR in my ears with headphones and I can still hear her. 

My boyfriend said I would be an ass to ask her to quiet down a little bit, but from my point of view even though she has an obvious problem, if she’s okay to go to a trade school and all that, she should be okay for me to ask her to quiet down? Am I in the wrong?

Edit: I did not expect to get so many comments so quickly lol

I didn’t think about it that way, you all are right when it might make her happy. Even though I don’t go through what she does, I completely understand needing a small thing to make you happy. 

Thank you for your input!!My ex dumped me last week - it was blindsiding and completely unexpected. He had sent me a sweet good morning text the day before, and told me he was making reservations for our belated Valentine's dinner the day of. He asked if he could come over that night and dropped the bomb. It's been a heartbreaking and difficult process to move on, and I've been working to gradually rebuild my sense of self and process the shock and hurt. We dated and knew each other for about a year.

During our time dating, I introduced him to someone I've been good friends with for 6+ years. This friend is also a dealer and supplied us both. I asked my friend tonight if she planned to continue selling to him, and she said yes. She also mentioned that there is a friendship connection beyond dealing. It makes me really upset to think of him maintaining that connection in my life because it benefits him while cutting off contact with me at the same time. It might not be fair, but I feel betrayed.

I know it's a source of income for her and ultimately not my decision to make... and at the same time this isn't a conversation I've had with other friends who are this close, many of whom were friends with him as well.

 WIBTA if I asked her to stop selling to and/or seeing my ex?

Edit: to be clear, she has a full time job that doesn't involve substances - this is a pocket money thing for her. If it were her livelihood I wouldn't have even asked. :)I (22f) don't like being touched, hugged, etc. When I was a kid my mom would always force me to hug her, and I was forced to hug/kiss family members at family gatherings. After years of this, I can't stand being touched at all. It makes me incredibly uncomfortable and even anxious, because I have OCD and worry a lot about germs. My family doesn't care, though. They hug me anyway and then laugh at my discomfort. They tell my little cousins to go hug me like it's some kind of game. My uncle basically forces me to hug him whenever I see him and won't leave me alone until I do.

Well, it was my birthday recently and I had a small party with my family. Of course my uncle walks in saying "where's my hug?" and I (probably for the first time) said no. I was already in a bad mood that day and really didn't want to deal with it. He left me alone eventually, but everyone was giving me shit for the rest of the party. Then at the end of the party my grandma wants a hug. I said no, but she starts walking towards me anyway. I kept telling her sorry, but I really don't want to hug anyone! She wasn't going to give up, though, so.. I sort of ran away and hid in the bathroom. I was feeling really anxious at this point and was nearly in tears.

Ever since then my whole family has been pestering me and telling me to apologize, telling me I'm rude, stop acting like a child, etc. I told them that it's rude when everyone tries to hug/touch me when they know it makes me uncomfortable and was met with a chorus of "but we're family!" I'm an adult and I can't choose what I am or am not comfortable with?? It's ridiculous. And what's even more ridiculous is that some of my friends agreed with my family.. which made me wonder if I really am an asshole. I honestly don't know how to feel. AITA?My friend is pretty big into camping and wanted to bring some guys along for a four-day camping trip. It sounded like a good time and we were all down for it. He did all the work, finding a place to stay for free on a farmers field, planning the menu, and using his own equipment. 
 
So come the day before the trip, he goes to Walmart and buys everything and the total was somewhere around $300. He was expecting to split it between the four of us. Now, I would’ve been ok giving him some money for the trip, in fact I was planning on it. I would’ve even been ok splitting the food cost all together if I had known about it and was able to set some money aside. I don’t make that much rn and am not really in a position to spend $75 on a weekend. 
 
I told him all this and he just got pissed because he said I was it just expecting him to cover it, And being a freeloader. I tried to work something out by returning some of the food or something but he would not entertain the idea. I finally just said that I couldn’t go then and he just got more pissed, and i’m pretty sure the rest of the boys are also pissed at me. AITA?

EDIT: formattingI (31F) have a daughter that is 6 years old, she has a  Self-stimulatory behavior where she flaps her fingers to get extra sensory input.She has been having problems with one of the girls (Bailey) since the beginning of the year. Thankfully it had never gotten physical, however, she has said nasty things to my daughter about her 'flapping' and genuinely makes my daughter feel like crap because of it. We have spoken with the teacher, principal and parents several times, but sadly nothing has happened.

I take my daughter to dance lessons every Thursday  and almost 2 weeks ago they were getting their outfits for their first recital as well as pictures, however, if you were unable to attend the pictures that day, you had to pay out of  pocket for the photographer to reshoot (minimum was 265$ ) not to mention trying to work with the other moms and dance studio if you wanted group photos done.

I went to go pick up my daughter from school, it was nice outside but she was wearing her hat and looked upset, I tried to get her to talk to me but all she said was that she wished she could get her hands to stop moving and that she was weird. It broke my heart. I tried telling her it made her unique but she got more upset and took her hat off and started crying. One side of her hair was cut off. I lost it and started crying, asking her what happened, she told me Bailey was making fun of her again,and cut off her hair in class.

I went to into the school and lost my mind at them for not calling me about what had happened, I told them they better deal with it this time and that I wanted another meeting. My daughter had no interest in going to dance that night, so I kept her off  as well as school the next day, and took her for a hair cut over the weekend. 
 
I finally got my meeting with Baileys mom. It went exactly how I thought it would, her apologizing over and over again, that there must be more going on between Bailey and my daughter because "Bailey would just never do something like that for no reason ". 

It ended with me telling her to figure out what's going on with her daughter as well as handing her a bill for $325 for the missed photo session (which is what it cost to get exactly what we missed the first time around) she laughed in my face when I told her what it was for and said she was in no way paying for it, that kids do these things, she was sorry about what happened, but hair grows back and nothing was physically stopping my daughter from going to dance that day.

The principal tried to intervene but I bluntly told them either she was paying for it, or the school was and left. 

It feels fair to me, however, some of the other moms messaged me and said demanding pay was taking it too far, as I should be concentrating on fixing what's going on between the girls, my SIL also thinks it was just an unnecessary power move.

Edit: note that it was the day of the photos that this all went down between Bailey and my daughter, ( if I wasn't clear about it originally) My daughter LOVES dance and the girls in it, it's actually the only time she doesn't have to self  stimulate as she is completely focused and passionate about it, she couldn't wait to dress up and have the photoshoot with her friends... she was understandably devastated after this happened, I wasn't going to have her miss out on this because of  a child with a poor attitude that faces no consequences for their actions. 

Please note the police have been involved in this, but I have yet to hear anything back, 

Edit:  just want to clarify again that I have involved the police in this. Where I live, when they are called in regards to bullying , what happens is an officer and social worker go and meet with the school, the child who is the bully, and their parents. Once they decided there is infact a problem, they make an action plan for the child, the parents and the School, where they then have to meet up once a week to ensure progress is being made to correct the bullies behavior, and that the school is doing their job to ensure it isn't happening again. 

If nothing is happening or working, and they identify what the problem is, they will then instate fines/ charges, and take corrective steps in their owns hands.

I was told to not mention this to the parents or the school until the police/ social worker has contacted them, as It may change their habits and answers if they knew before hand.

My husband and I are taking care of the bullying problem, my question to this is only in regards to the payment for the photos.

Edit: I have received an email from the principal asking for the exact amount and if I would be able to meet with her today when I pick my daughter up. Not to long after, I was notified that a social worker has met with the principal and the staff involved.There was a guy sitting next to me sniffling every 20 seconds (I timed it on my watch) and instead of being rude and whispering to him “Hey. How about you go blow your nose in the bathroom” I decided to walk to my car and grab a package of on the go tissues. I came back to class and said hey and handed him the package. He looked at like I was the biggest asshole and a student behind me snickered and said “thank god”.

I embarrassed the student by doing this and I don’t think I was in the wrong for wanting to be able to listen to the professor lecture. A couple buddies said I filleted the guy, but how? 

Am I the asshole?I was driving in the lot near a department type store (where you go slow and it has stop signs and crosswalks for pedestrians to walk from lot to store) and i saw a lady and her mum (prolly in 40s and 60s, the older looked like my mom who doesn't look too old) waiting to cross the cross walk, I of course slow and stop for them to cross, and wave them but to no avail so i start going and then all of a sudden they start walking (still in the start of the crosswalk though so not like I was in danger of hitting them) so I stop again, jerking my car and ofc I was a tad frustrated, but w/e. When they walk past my car they both look at me very aggressively and the younger lady (assuming daughter) pointed at me and started saying stuff I couldn't make out/read but obviously was pissed I went (EVEN THOUGH I STOPPED and waved for a good 10 seconds) I wasn't even near them, they just started walking. So I flipped them off because I was pissed that they were upset at me for no reasoning (to me) and that I was nowhere near them/be able to hit them since I JUST lifted my foot off break from a complete stop. After that the younger lady came up to my window and banging on it to  open as she is yelling profane things at me and then her mum took her away. I said to piss off idk if she heard me but yeah.  I didn't roll it down because I have anxiety and it was unexpected and dind't know what to do which was cowardly I guess but I feel I didn't instigate it? I flipped them off out of frustrating/anger cause didn't think I did anything wrong. I know it's not a big deal but now I kinda feel bad as it's not something I usually do. Was i supposed to wait there all day though? 

&#x200B;

I honestly have a really big pet peeve? That irritates the fuck out of me when typically middle aged women+ wag their fingers at me/say something uncalled for/snarky at me when I did nothing wrong and I see it so often (not at myself but in general) and it gets under my skin that people think they can act however they want and be rude just because they are older. 

TL;DR I flipped two ladies off after I stopped for them to cross the walkway, waited and waved them over but didnt move, then they got angry when they did start walking after i started going again. AITA :(I know Reddit hates MLMs so please read the whole post, I’m not here to validate myself, I genuinely feel really fucking bad. And anytime I feel this bad, it usually means I’m being an asshole.

So my mom used to be very career oriented before she had my brother (16 M)  and I (19 F). She, according to her own anecdote, “fell in love” with being a mother once she had us. She intended to go back to work once we were old enough for daycare, which got pushed back to kindergarten, which got pushed back to middle school, and so on and so forth.

On top of that, my dad is a pilot and works obnoxiously wild hours. He’s sometimes gone three weeks at a time. My mom has done a lot when it comes to raising us and dad has expressed to me privately that he feels responsible for her losing her individuality.

My mom joined a pyramid scheme a few months ago (one of those essential oils nonsense things). She’s made a lot of new friends in her age group / life position, is excited to feel “financially productive” and seems so much happier.

The problem is....she’s not bringing in money. She’s kind of just throwing it in a hole. My brother found out on accident and I’m away at college so wouldn’t have found out, except he told me, so now we’re all in the know— dad wanted to keep funding her hobby to make her feel valid, but it’s just not smart and she refuses to accept that the business is a scam.

We did a sort of “intervention” on her in which we sat her down in the dining room and explained why the business was fake and causing her to lose money. She kept claiming she just needed more customers and things would kick into gear soon, but wouldn’t come back to reality. Finally I said “mom, we’re all really proud of you for getting back out there...just not with this.”

She started tearing up and said “of all people, [my name], I thought you’d understand. You know what it’s like to be a woman trying to balance your personal and professional life. I’m doing the best I can and I can’t get any support from *any of you*. For years I sacrificed everything about myself. I wanted just one fucking thing, and you all want to take it away.”

My father loves her dearly and will absolutely let her take a hammer to their finances if it means keeping her fulfilled, but god, I hope it doesn’t come to that. In the end I stood my ground and wouldn’t apologize and she ran upstairs and locked herself in the bathroom. Dad said she cried for *hours*.

Am I (or, are we) the assholes?My fiancé and I have been in an LDR for just over 6 yrs., but we moved in together last month. We love each other very much, but living together has been a really big challenge.I knew he was very type A, but I didn't realize how much that applied to our living situation.He is very germaphobic and uses toothbrush covers because he worries that "poop particles" will get brought up when we flush the toilet and get on the bristles. The one time I did our laundry, he got stressed because I had been "too careless" with his shirts aka not using dryer sheets and folding them "improperly."

Living around these quirks is fine. I am not naturally very tidy but I love him a lot and am willing to change for his benefit, especially because now, I'm taking better care of my living space. Im not a slob by any means, but I leave my dishes probaby longer than I should and don't regularly dust. Just little things that improve our cleanliness overall.

Sorry for the large amount of background, but I wanted to give a good idea of how we are as a couple.

I have known my best friend for over 20 years now, and we consider each other family. He comes over often and his approval of my fiancé was the most important to me. The two of them get along very well.

Anyways, my friend lives alone, and last, he became extremely sick with nobody to help take care of him. I am not usually this hands on, but he was becoming really dehydrated, which caused him to get very light-headed. I was afraid he would faint and hurt himself, so I decided to drive him over to my house. My fiancé works night shifts, so he was not home when I brought my friend over.

My friend was extremely uncomfortable, and I didn't want to make him more miserable by forcing him to sit in the bathroom all night. I got him set up on the couch, brought him a bin, and hung out with him while he was violently ill for most of the night. When my fiancé got home, I told him what had happened and he got really upset.

He said it was really unsanitary for me to let my friend to just sit and be sick on our couch, even though I repeatedly told him that no vomit had gotten on our couch. Much of the reason he was upset was because he knew how strict he is about cleanliness and felt that I had trampled a boundary we had already maintained. I told him that I didn't want to make my friend more uncomfortable while sick, but my fiancé just asked who's comfort was more important - his or my friend's. My friend felt well enough to go home this morning, and as soon he left, my fiancé called into work so he could steam clean the couch and intensively clean the area. 

My friend felt bad for straining our relationship and upsetting my fiancé, but I feel like it's my own fault. I should've anticipated that a guy who gets worried over "poop particles" wouldn't want someone likely contagious barfing on his couch. My mother thinks I was being considerate and that my fiancé is being a jerk.

AITA for letting my friend vomit on our couch (into a bin)?I was talking to me girlfriend about possible job choices and the topic came around to weird jobs that most people wouldn’t consider. she said “I’m a slut at heart” and said that shes considered stripping as a job. I was very surprised at this. I told her that if she did that I’d break up or cut ties.
She got very upset and said “I’m not your property” and stormed off 

AITA?My girlfriend(20F) and I(21M) basically live together. It’s technically my apartment but she has lived with me without actually “moving in” for the past few months. We plan on moving in together in a new place over the summer. I love my girlfriend to the moon and back but her puppy has started to make my life miserable. We had been dating for a couple months before she got the puppy and when she expressed interest in getting a puppy I voiced my opinion as to why I didn’t think it was a good idea mainly because we’re both college students with jobs and I already have a dog that is just barely starting to become an adult and not a juvenile. She got the dog anyways. I chose to get over it and just accept the fact that we now have a puppy. Well, as I expected, the puppy is acting like a puppy. He has ruined the carpet in my room. He refuses to do his business outside and decides to do it in my room almost 9/10 times. He finds little scraps of paper and what not and makes a mess of my room. My girlfriend refuses to discipline him. All she does is praise him and kiss him etc and I have to look like a jerk because I yell at him. I’m just tired of it honestly. I already raised a puppy. Should I just tough it out or what?

Edit: Just to clarify, this puppy in no way, shape, or form has a bad life. My girlfriend is a bartender and as a result of a relaxed work environment often he goes with her and socializes with other human and dogs. He has easily met over 200+ humans and we frequent the dog park with both of our dogs. He behaves very well in social settings, the problem arises when we are at home. He will go to bathroom inside the house with 5 minutes of being home regardless of whether or not he was taken outside before going in. And instead of being disciplined, my girlfriend will just clean it and then give him kisses and talk to him like a baby. It’s infuriating. He did nothing to deserve praise. My dog is almost 3 years old. She’s still playful like a puppy and she’s not perfect but she at least knows how to obey me and not shit in the house!So my mother has a lot of mental health issues and struggles with her father and sister becoming estranged from her. She always talks about how depressed she is and how hard it is for her to keep it together. Sometimes her constant venting and crying becomes so much for my father and I that we don’t even want to come home. She puts it all on us but we aren’t equip to actually help her. For years she just cries about the same exact issues without any progress on working through them. The important note here is that she refuses to go to therapy or seek out a mental health professional. I have explained to her so many times that I can’t just keep getting weighed down by her constant issues and she needs to go see someone. I feel bad for it but like, I have my own life and issues that I deal with and absolutely cannot help her. I feel that she needs to see a professional. Years of her expecting to lean on me and my father have caused me to become completely cold towards her any anytime she tries to confide in me about her issues, I just tell her to go to therapy. Am I a bad person for this?So me (30m) and my gf (29) have been together ten years. I’ve always thought the whole wedding culture was really stupid, mostly the part where everyone wants to spend a million dollars on changing someone’s last name to another one and giving them the title of “MARRIED”, and my Gf mostly agrees. She can do without the extravagant wedding and all that noise but she’s always at least wanted an engagement ring, and I’m happy to oblige because I love her to pieces and she fuckin deserves it after being with my dumb ass this long, completely unwavering. 

Five years ago we moved somewhere we shouldn’t have at a time we shouldn’t have and really paid for it financially. We’ve basically spent the last four years getting back on our feet, and we’re almost there. I always told her that once we get back on our feet I want to buy her the ring she wants, so here we are! After four years of scrimping and grinding and saving, and this years sweet bonus, I can buy it, so I did! 

She looks at the website every now and then and she noticed the ring said “sold!” And sent me a very upset text about how someone bought her ring and she was so devastated. I wanted to surprise her but I also didn’t want her heart to be broken so I told her that it was sold to the lucky guy sending her this text. She’s so fucking ecstatic and she’s always telling me how happy she is that it’s finally happening and of course I’m stoked too, but somewhere deep down inside I’m like “damn, would have been cool to use that bonus for some other cool shit I’ve really been looking forward to, but it’s ok, family first”. 

So she’s been always wanting to talk about how happy she is about her incoming ring and one day we were talking and I guess my enthusiasm about the ring had finally begun to waver, and she’s like “YOU don’t seem as excited as me”, and I’m like “It’s your ring, for you. You know I don’t really care for the whole show when it comes to engagement and marriages. I love you to death and I’m more than happy to get you the ring you want because you deserve it. There were a few things I had wanted to spend my bonus and tax return on but with buying the ring, I need to put the rest on hold, so that’s not super exciting, but it’s fine”. I’m not mad or upset about it, it’s just that after being in the financial dumps for five years and working hard as hell to get out of it and not spending any money on anything for me, I was just excited to “treat mahself”, but instead I treated my soon to be fiancé. 

She’s not very happy at the moment and threw some variations of “just return it if you’re so upset about not being able to buy other shit!” And Im trying to explain that it’s not like that, but it ain’t working. AITA?Or is that too much to ask??


So back when i was very depressed but yet to be diagnosed because my parents refused to take me to the doctors,  i had horrid grades. All Fs. I never went out with friends, i never skipped school, never really misbehaved, just had horrid grades. My parents held that against me. They kept saying that i could do anything i want, could have anything i want when i want only when I had good grades. So when i finally got the help i needed, i began to get better and better and now i have pretty good grades. 


Now when i asked to do or get the things i was promised, like dying my hair or getting it cut or getting a bank account, they said no. Their reasoning? "Because i said so". When i go to the store and buy something, like a plushy or some bracelets, i get home they throw it away because "its trash" and i didnt check with them to see if i needed it or not. They told me they'd stop doing that because that's what they promised when i had good grades and now all of a sudden they just want "A's and B's" instead of C's. I went from all Fs to A's B's and C's and i thought they'd be proud of me for making that jump. But n o. They suddenly change it on me. I just want them to hold up their end on the original deal and they go on and on to say that im an entitled brat and i should be grateful for what i have instead of demanding more. 


So am i asking for way too much and should suck it up?Been living here for 6 months, and have a clean dog- but I do understand I still have an animal living in my room.

When I signed my pet deposit agreement, my landlord did not require me to use a carpet cleaner, but to make sure I clean the room well. And of course, I want/need my deposit back.   

One of my housemates is an older woman (~30 years difference between) and has enjoyed my dog since moving in after me. She has decided to move into my room after I leave because it’s much bigger. 

Since she’s moved in she often criticizes me, from little things to bigger things like my way of life. She makes remarks about; introvert tendencies (staying In to paint or game), leaving dishes in the sink for a night (cleaning next day), or calling into work sick. 

Today she asked me if I already got a carpet cleaner, and I mentioned it was not required. She got pissed off and passive aggressive towards me. All I could tell her is that I can’t afford it, and that I’m planning on cleaning well. 

TLDR; housemate moving into my current room after I move out. I have a dog and I’m not required to rent an official carpet cleaner, just to clean the room well for my deposit. She is now angry with me, and getting at me for little things around the house as I pack.


AITA if I vacuum/spot clean my room (mostly from me not dog) instead of renting a carpet cleaner I cant afford?So I met this group of people I play online with about a year ago, and like over the course of the year id become very close with two people in particular, I'll call them Bojack and Carolyn. So I was thinking me a them were getting pretty close, staying up all night, making group chats, planning trips. But as of the past month they have been acting annoying, they've just been getting on alone together when they know I'm on, ignoring my messages and not answering till the morning, they also will create party chats and invite other people just not me. I have no clue if i did something, i honestly thought we were really good friends. Idk its not like we don't play at all, its just only on there time ya know. Like I need to be on at a certain time to play with them cause there time is very valuable. But am i the asshole for getting butthurt about this?There is absolutely way too much backstory and context for 3000 characters, so I’ll try to shorten it as much as possible

Last year I [M15] began to start ignoring someone I considered my best friend [M15] because I started to believe he wasn’t very good for me. He had another friend whom he was very close to, and my jealousy was very consuming. My best friend at the time’s parents found out that I was gay (he’s gay too, they thought I was contaminating him or something) so we couldn’t hang out outside of school, but he could still hang out with his other friend. This other friend?I have some serious problems with him, he is a complete ass. But, back to my old best friend. I had him in some of my classes so it was kind of ok to see and talk to him, but I just got so tired of always being his 2nd choice. So, I began to start ignoring him. I stopped walking with him as much until I didn’t anymore. Or talking to him. I never blocked his number, but he never texted. After I started distancing myself, he didn’t stop me, he didn’t fight for me. And that made me feel kind of terrible about myself as well. I genuinely care about this kid, does he not care about me at all? I never told him why I did this, it was extremely hard for me to, but I told myself it was for the better. I’m still not sure if he knows

A summer passes and I burn & drown remnants of our friendship in an emotional rage. Pictures, gifts, drawings, all gone. The memories don’t go. High School begins, and we have 5th period together. The first day he sat next to me, but we exchanged no words or glances. It has been over 6 months now. He has tried to call me on occasion, but only with that friend I was jealous of along with him. Every time they call I feel like a joke, like the call is for them to laugh at me. I know they’re both still friends, probably closer than ever. Recently I’ve had some extreme stressors in my life that have made me very nostalgic of our friendship and missing that very much in the rough time that I’m having right now. So, I began to email him-throwing out a fishing rod for us to talk again. He took no bait, and in fact began sending back very hostile emails of how terrible I was. One such email told me to “Get a life”. I even offered him some fresh baked sugar cookies yesterday as a “casual” conversation starter to someone I haven’t spoken to in over a year. His response was a blunt “fuck off”. 

There’s a ton of history that I’m leaving out, but AITA for trying to reach out to him again? I understand that I haven’t spoken to him in almost a year now, but he hasn’t reached out to me either. I really miss him and want to start talking to him again, but he’s telling me that I’m being an ass by even trying to reach out to himMe and my brother share a room, our dad is out with his GF in vegas for their anniversary and my brother is "in charge" cause he's exactly 1.5 years older. He's taken the power to his head and tries to boss me around all. the. time. I can't do a damn thing anymore without him "telling" me to not do something even if I'm just sitting on the couch or something. When I tell him no or anything we end up fighting cause he's all over controlling right now.

I was taking a sorta nap in our room when my brother comes in and tells me to leave cause he wanted to take a nap. I told him that I'm taking a nap too and to just go to bed cause Im not leaving, his response was to get into bed and start rocking the bed (we have a bunk bed) and I had enough and got out. I called him an asshole and slammed the door to our room.  AITA?I recently finished some academic legal qualifications following a career change in my 30s but hadn't found a job. I had an interview with a company (Firm A) that seemed a really great one to work for and despite positive feedback I was unsuccessful.

One of my best friends (we've known each other 25 years and he was a groomsman at my wedding) told me that the firm (Firm B) his sister is high up in are opening up a branch in our nearby city and did I want him to speak to her for me.

Obviously I said yes and she said I sounded perfect and would be sending my CV (resume) to the relevant people.

Then this morning I received a call from Firm A saying they would like to offer me a role after all, it's not the one I interviewed for but it's pretty much identical and is in the area I want to work whilst Firm B is a huge, corporate law firm. I'd make much more money at Firm B but I wouldn't be helping people which is why I wanted to do law in the first place.

I told my friend about this and he's really upset, he says he put himself on the line asking his sister for the favour and think I'm letting them both down.

I've not even interviewed at Firm B yet so there's no guarantee I'd even get offered a job and I'd rather work for Firm A even if the pay is lower.

So, AITA for telling my friend to let his sister know I no longer want her to get me an interview at her firm?My bf has a younger cousin who has recently gotten into smoking weed.  We both partake recreationally but are by no means big smokers.   When he learned his cousin had started smoking he shared his better quality weed with her.

They have always been close but now she comes over about once a week to smoke.  Sometimes she brings her gf.  They come over and make a big deal about “getting f’ed up” and I don’t like them viewing our place as their party house.  Last night I got home around 10 to the three of them all super stoned and playing video games.  I had to go to bed because I get up at 5:45 for work, but they stayed up until 1am playing and I couldn’t sleep.  My bf was egging his cousin on your take another edible and the cousin was bragging about how stoned they were.  The whole scene was just weird to someone who was stone cold sober.

I told my bf today this is starting to make me uncomfortable.  His answer is he would rather them come to our place then do it somewhere else...which I don’t really agree with.  I think by making it available to her she has started smoking way more.  And I also don’t think it’s a good message to send getting messed up and staying up too late on a night where we ALL had things in the morning, be it work or school.  Am I the asshole for feeling uncomfortable?Recently we were assigned a group project in class and of course I paired up with my best friend and a couple other close acquaintances. 
  We were given 3 days to complete the project and my best friend only showed up for 1 while my other 2 friends and myself carried her load and our own. I was very frustrated at her after she confessed that she blew off the project and school a week before finals to watch television at home. 
  Out of anger I removed her name off the project and my other group mates and the teacher were completely fine with it, however, my mother said I should add her back and 'worry about myself.' 
 
 Part of me is still angry at her for abandoning our project for selfish reasons and still expecting credit, but I also know that she would do it for me.         The problem with the internal conflict is that I work very, very hard on everything I do and do not appreciate the freeloading. Should I add her back and get over myself?I'm [16M] a high school student, the last semester I really fucked up at school so I made a deal with my father to do better this semester, and I surely did I pretty much got a good grade in everything.

Except maths, I really really suck at maths, I failed and when I told my dad he said I'm a worthless piece of shit and I won't even go to college cause I'm a fucking idiot. I got mad and told him that he's a dick for forgetting all the A's I got and keeping to look at the things I failed.

Am I the asshole ?I (M20) am a college student living in a 2 bedroom apartment. Rent is ridiculous but it isn’t dirt cheap either. That being said, I’d like to save on cost by minimizing the electricity bill. Before my roommate moved in, I was averaging $20 a month in electricity by myself.

Now, my new roommate (M20) moves in and he’s a cool guy for the most part. We get along and converse and bullshit with each other. The part that gets me is the lights. Sunday through Friday I am away at work or class almost all day. I turn the lights off when I leave for the day or even if I know I won’t be in that room. I’ve come home multiple times to the kitchen and/or living room lights on and my roommate locked away in his room play video games. I’ve texted and told him face-to-face asking he turn the lights off when he isn’t home or in the room cause there’s no point in them being on and racking up the bill. 

I know his parents pay for his rent while I pay my own. Would I be in the wrong if I slowly start becoming more forwards and aggressive in telling him to turn off the lights?I (15M) was staying over at my sister's (25F) house for the weekend last week. She has a 3 year old son and boy, this kid is hectic. He SCREAMS whenever things don't go his way, he runs around a lot, smashes my phone on the ground everytime I accidentally leave it somewhere, and I know what you're thinking. *OP, are you *actually* complaining about a toddler on AITA?*

Well, not exactly. On Saturday night at midnight, I barely got any sleep at all because my 3 year old nephew was screaming for around 40 minutes straight just because my sister was busy on a phone call with her friends or with her husband and not her son.

I had enough and got out of bed. I knocked on her bedroom door and asked her if she can keep the baby quiet because I'm trying to sleep. She said that she's trying but this kid won't stop. At this point I was tired so I stupidly commented "Well try harder please."

She shot back in an angry tone "And what do you know, ______? You don't know anything about babies and how to handle them so f**k off." While I was leaving, I think I heard her husband telling her to calm down and that I'm probably stressed too. That last bit never really hurt me because it's true. I was adding more stress to her so I said nothing and walked away. The next night, we barely talked at all and I feel that I've messed up, big time.

When I returned home to my parents, they said that we were both acting immature and I shouldn't have told a mother on how to parent. In all honesty, I really needed to sleep that day and hearing a 3 year old crying so loud got me annoyed. AITA?So me and this girl have been friends for a few years now. She recently left her boyfriend because she discovered that he had been cheating on her. It had been a few months since she had told me this in secret and I didn't tell anyone about it.

Fast forward to more recently. I had messaged her for her perspective on something. We talked for a bit and got onto the subject of body counts. I told her mine and she told me hers and she jokingly tell's me that the girls I've been with were probably dirty. So I jokingly make the same exact joke back to her mentioning how her ex was probably dirty. She then goes ballistic and tells me that it was a low blow for me to have said that mind you that she had literally just said the exact same thing to me. 

She then proceeded to block me on all social media and blocked my number and even her sister blocked me too without even giving me a chance to respond.

It's not like I said this to anyone else and I felt like we had been friends long enough to make those kinds of jokes with each other. Am I in the wrong and just to insensitive to realize it?Due to family issues, my wife’s coworker/friend is needing to find a location for her upcoming baby shower. My wife would like to use our house due to the general open setup of our home and the fun of entertaining people. Pretty much, she is excited for the opportunity to be a host.

However, there is one issue: the mom-to-be is passionate about her dog being there to also celebrate. Just for more context, this dog is her life... it is borderline obsession, but I get being passionate about something so I keep quiet normally.

You would think having the dog over wouldn’t be an issue, however this dog is incredibly dog aggressive to the point that he goes after other dogs. This is a problem because we are also dog owners. It is expected that our dogs would need to be removed from our house during this party. I am unaware of how this dog behaves in other dog’s homes (this is apparently the first time the other dog will ever be in another dog’s house) so there could be further issues with toys/beds/marking/etc. Regardless, the expectation is her dog will be there and we need to accommodate it.

Here is the issue: I think it is incredibly rude, borderline asshole-ish, to have to do this to accommodate the party, considering we are being generous to host the event due to the issues with her family. I discussed this with my wife and she felt I was over-reacting and being a dick voicing this opinion. I get she wants to do this, but WIBTA for either saying no to hosting because of this condition or host but say the dog cannot come?Long story short I’m in a situation where I have to make a decision whether or not to continue with a wanted pregnancy, due to health complications. 
I am in pieces under the stress of this decision and I also lost my grandfather quite recently so my mental health isn’t the best. My husbands stance on it has been to say he will support me whatever my decision is, and the choice has only been with us since seeing health professionals yesterday. 

His family member mentioned above is due to be visiting us this coming weekend. I don’t really get on with her, she did some pretty shady disrespectful stuff the last time she stayed in our house and never really apologised for it so I keep her at arms length. In light of this recent development I asked him to respectfully ask if she could visit another time, as I am in no fit state to host anyone at my house. 

He refused my request, stated that he wants to see his family member and needs support too. I asked that if she was going to come could she stay in a hotel or somewhere else so I have a safe space, as I’m crying most of the time at the moment. He refused again and basically said he needs someone to talk to about our situation as well, despite me explaining that her presence will make me feel stressed and unsafe (emotionally). 

For clarity she lives 120 miles away and rarely visits, texts or calls about him or our child (my first child). Literally never bothers with us any other time, his family in general aren’t super supportive or interested in our family life hence why we moved closer to my supportive family. 

I feel like he’s not prioritising me as his wife with what we’re going through, and he thinks I’m TA because I’m not considering his needs.Okay so in February of 2018 I \[17M\] met this girl \[17F\]. We became friends very quickly, and have grown very close since then.

Her father is deployed, so she lives with her older sister. When her older sister isn't there, she stays with her paternal grandparents.

She has never, not even once, in the two years I've known her, mentioned anything about her mother. 

I've been curious about it for awhile, and given how close we are, I've anticipated asking her about her mother, and if her and her sister even have the same mother, since they're very apart in age. 

But my own mother has always told me to not say anything unless she voluntarily brings her up. But I want to understand and help her cope because it's clearly not a good situation.

So, WIBTA if I asked her about her mother?There's a game that I really love coming out in March. I've been excited for this day since the game was announced. I already pre-ordered the new themed console for it and other accessories. I also scheduled a half day for work and got all my favorite snacks for that day. 

Unfortunately my friend decided to have her birthday party on that same day. She announced it while we were hanging out in our group of friends. I told her that I would not be able to come, but we should go out for dinner sometime. Another friend who also enjoys this game mentioned that the release day for it is that day and wondered out loud if that was why I was busy.

I kinda laughed and said yeah, I've been looking forward to it for a long time. Birthday friend got upset immediately and asked why I can't just play it later and still come to her party. I said I already had everything set up for that day and my weekend was looking to be busy due to a work deadline, plus I was really looking forward to the game. She got upset and said she was looking forward to me being at her party. 

After trying to persuade me a bit more she ended up leaving because she said she was disappointed in me. All but one of the friends from that day thinks I'm in the wrong and need to just go to the party. One friend is on my side because they know how I've been gushing about this game. 

I wouldn't mind stopping in to the party for a few minutes, but I know my friend would try to pressure me to drink so I can't drive home so I don't want to. It's also not her birthday day and I gave a counteroffer for us to still celebrate. I really just want to play the game. AITA staying firm on not going to the party?

Edit: 
After reading some of the posts I decided I would try to go to the party for a bit. Messaged birthday friend asking if we could talk at lunch. I called her and apologized for not wanting to go originally, I will go now but I absolutely can not drink, especially because of working the next day. She accepted and also apologized for her reaction and leaving like she did. 

She felt that maybe an unsaid reason I didn't want to go is that I didn't like her because of not being able to make it to the last three events I hosted, but I told her if I didn't like her I wouldn't have invited her to that previous get together. Conversation ended well. I am not going to the party as in the end it's still a college house party and we agreed it wouldn't be much fun to be sober at it. We also planned our solo celebration so we'll be going to Korean BBQ and a movie the weekend before, it'll be our first time hanging out with only each other so I'm excited!Okay so first, some backstory. I (14M) lives next door to the old house of my childhood bestfriend (15F) who I havent talked to for about 5 or 6 years. On the way back home, we saw each other from the corner of our eyes (her family was in the garage, probably to keep the house clean). I sent her a risky-ish text asking her if maybe we could hang out for a bit and catch up on each other's lives, but sadly she never saw my text and left their home some time after I went inside my house. As I had missed her so dearly, I consoled to my three bestfriends (all are 15F) and even after me telling them the whole story and telling them that I regret sending the text and not just going up to their door, they just laughed at my face and told me the text sounded stalker-y As this all happened through text, I got upset and left the group chat to let them know so. One of my bestfriends from the group (let's just call her Ashley) personally messaged me and told me that i didnt need to leave. They were "actually going to comfort me after laughing" but because of my leaving the group chat, she thinks that i dont need comfort anymore and that I think they dont deserve my comfort, since they dont reciprocate it.

EDIT: added some more info

Update: Ashley added me back to the group and left  instead- while I didnt get the chance to explain myself.So, yesterday we were going out for drinks and my GF invited her friend to come along with us. I hadn't met this friend before but I'd heard tons of stories about her when they worked together a year ago. We hop in the car and swing by her place to pick her up.

Going to let folks know I have a car that's lowered and I have to be very careful around bumps if I have too much stuff in the car. One time I had bought some weights off craigslist and dumb me put it all on the driver side passenger of my car and I was scraped the ground a few times while I was driving. I had to get out and distribute the weights evenly across the car then things were good enough to get home. I brought it in to a shop the next day and my alignment was seriously jacked up after those hits.

So, boom. Back to picking up my GF's friend. She is a very plus sized girl and she came out making me have flashbacks to the weights and I got worried. I didn't want to make it a big deal or bring it up at all but when she sat down the car bounced a bit and I heard the clink of the bottom of my car hit the road. She started to buckle up behind me and I guess my GF kinda saw me kinda frozen up in thought. She asked me what was wrong, and I said, "oh it's nothing... I was just wondering could Sarah(fake name) move over to the middle..."

Then, they both were confused and asked, "why?" I really tried to think of anything besides the real reason to say why. But, I legitimately had nothing and told them about the weight thing. Sarah kinda got red in the face and started to move over and my GF said she didn't have to move and I was being rude I shouldn't have brought that up. And, it caused a fight right in the driveway. Sarah gets out of the car in the middle of it and my GF gets out calling me an asshole for basically calling Sarah fat.

AITA for asking her to move over?

*Edit:* People keep bringing up the weights that I bought from craigslist and calling them a couple of dumb bells. Or a 10 pound plate. I think people are intentionally doing this to make it seem like my car has a ridiculously weight tolerance. But, it was about 500 pounds of weights(I'm not saying Sarah weighs that much). Someone had an at home gym they were getting rid of old plates.Using a throwaway because she knows my main.

For context: When we first moved in together, my roommate and I had a similar work schedule of 8 AM to 6 PM. I did the grocery shopping, she would make dinner for us both, then I would wash the dishes. Roommate now works 40+ hours a week as a manager at the local burger place, but the actual hours of her shift tend to vary wildly. Some nights, she doesn't get home until after 12 or 1 in the morning. Alternatively, some days she goes in to work at 6 in the morning. As a result, she and I made an agreement that I would buy the groceries she needed, but she would cook her own meals. She also has begun to smoke pot frequently, and she usually goes to a friend's house or holes up in her closet to get high.

For the past few months, she has started slacking when it comes to washing her own dishes. For example, she brought home chicken nuggets from work, and used a bowl to put BBQ sauce in. The bowl sat on the dining room table for a week, half-full of old BBQ sauce, until she finally put it in the sink. Didn't wash it, but left it in the sink. Another example: she often makes packages of instant ramen in one of our pots, but when she's done, she leaves the pot full of oily water on the stove for a day or two before dumping the water and putting the unwashed pot back on the stove.

Several times, I have asked her as politely as I could to stop leaving dirty dishes lying around. She always said "Okay", but that same day, she would leave dirty dishes on the table or in the sink. At one point, I even said I would wash the dishes for her if she at least rinsed them and left them in the sink. She still continued to leave dirty dishes around, and every time I find a sauce-crusted bowl or a plate smeared with food, I feel resentful toward her for being so lazy.

Yesterday, she did it again and I finally snapped. I found another pot of oily ramen water on the stove, and I marched right to her room and barged in. I snapped at her about how she's the laziest person I've ever know, and I called her stupid because she can't even wash her own dishes. She was high at the time, and me yelling at her caused her to cry. I didn't feel bad at the time, and I slammed the door on my way out. She left about an hour later with her work backpack.

I haven't seen her since last night, but she texted me this morning to say she was staying at a friend's house for a while. I'm not as mad as I was yesterday, and I feel bad for yelling at her. I told my boyfriend what happened, and he said I shouldn't have snapped at her. He insists that I was an asshole for getting mad at all, and that I should have just left the dirty dishes piled up where she left them, until she had no choice but to wash them herself.

I feel like shit for making her cry and leave, but I feel like I was justified in being angry after putting up with it for so long. AITA?Today my dad and his gf are getting married. They’ve been together for 5 years as it is and both have been wearing rings for the past year even before they were officially married. It’s both their 3rd marriages, and they’re getting married in their living room. I’m 2 hours away at college, and was just told about this wedding 2 weeks ago. I’m a senior, I graduate in May, and I have just started a new job so missing classes and work isn’t really an option. My dad knew this and from the get go when he told me about the wedding, he told me not come home if I have class. I am getting ripped by other family members though. I’ve gotten phone calls and nasty texts from my sister, grandma, etc. about how shitty of me it is to miss their wedding. But again, my dad has told me multiple times that class comes first and apparently hasn’t stuck up for me towards the rest of my family. My younger sister goes to college in our hometown and lives at their house still and she has been the nastiest of all. To show that I cared and was sorry I couldn’t be there I had flowers sent and a little note attached. Haven’t heard any “thank you” from anyone. AITA for not going home to their last minute, living room wedding because of my classes and new job??I live with my girlfriend and 2 month old baby, i have recently come down with a stomach bug to which I was advised by my doctor to take a few days off work. So was in bed most of the day trying to sleep it off. She went out all day and came home and was angry I done no housework. 
So am I the asshole?Me (19f) and my stepbrother (18) live with our parents (his mum, my dad), and they're currently out of town.

My brother is out with his friends tonight. Mum asked me to wait up and make sure he got home safe.

He said he'd be getting home late. There's a 22:20 bus and a 23:20 bus.

I asked him to text me just so I can tell mum he made the bus fine. It's now 22:39, and no text.

There's a chance he's getting the later bus, however that is the last bus of the night, and I don't have my license yet and we don't have money for a taxi, so if he doesn't get the 23:20 bus he's screwed, as the next one isn't until 5:20 and he has no friends in that town to stay with and no backup plan.

However, as he was leaving I asked if he could narrow down the timings a bit more for me and he basically told me to stop nagging him, and I said I would leave off.

WIBTA if I texted him asking what he's doing?Long story short, my dad remarried and the wife and son(16) live there fulltime but the older sister(25) lives in Russia.  I actually really get along with my new stepbrother, my stepsister is a different story. They told me my step sister was coming so they kicked me out of my room, made me clean it, new sheets, take my stuff out, etc and put in me an attic room with no ac that was stacked with old blankets and pillows. It took me four hours and multiple trips to the barn to clean out, I think I ended up with 23 vacuum storage bags worth.

Anyway, I meet her and we don't get along too well. Mostly because she WON'T learn any English and I don't know any Russian (not for long).

Also, we live on a farm with animals so the more hands we can get the better. Her mom asked her to change the chicken's water and she starts screaming and crying, then threw her phone and went inside to cry.

We had to go to the store to get some groceries (her, stepbrother, me) and she lied and said I left them for the whole time and that's why she got the wrong stuff, I left for a max of two minutes to get face wipes (her brother even backed me up on this) and was with them for the rest of the trip while they argued in Russian over shrimp. Which, had they asked, I could have helped.

She also ate the chips that I bought with my money and then started complaining when I started labeling my food (they were the more expensive chips at the store and I didn't even get to eat one, that's why I labeled them). My stepbrother, her and I went to the lake and they talked in Russian the whole time and she never once addressed me even when we were lost and simply asking me would have solved a thirty-minute argument (I actually understood a bit of that argument and tried to help but they both ignored me).

She is a massive smoker and sometimes stays up until 2 AM smoking outside, which is bad because my dad and stepmom are trying to stop smoking and now the wood deck reeks of cigarette smoke and it gives them cravings.

She always complains about all the work she does even though she eats all of our food and sits on her ass the whole day. She looks at me like I am garbage even though I work for several hours a day out in the fields while she watches Russian dramas and nap. We went shopping and she bought $1,000 worth of clothing and made her mom pay, actually, she makes her mom pay for everything, even for the flowers for Mother's Day.

She makes my dad buy expensive things to help her lose weight and doesn't use them. She always gains a lot when she's in America because she doesn't do anything but eat and occasionally do dishes.

When I am with my dad and she isn't there, it is drama free. My stepfamily and I get along, it's great. But as soon as she comes back to America it's always horrible.

So I asked my dad if I can visit when she is not there, AITA for that?Hi I am a 30(f) with three brothers. My grandpa died a year and a half ago and left my mom a piece of land. She sold the land and promised me and my siblings a piece of the money to spend how we saw fit. The money came and my brothers got a little bit of fun money, but I did not. I did get money for groceries. AITA for being upset my mom spent all the money and I did not get the fun money I was promised. I was not in the will so I know I am not entitled to any of it. I am just hurt my brothers got fun money and I did not. Especially since I had wanted to use the money to buy a house.We both used to juul all the time, at our peak we were probably copping about two- three packs a week. It got so bad I couldn’t even afford it anymore. So, December 30th, 2019, I made the decision I was done with nicotine for good. My roommate agreed, said the vape he currently had on him was the last vape he’d buy, and we would start 2020 off nicotine free, and start getting healthier. 

Almost three months later and I haven’t touched a juul since, the only nic i’ve gotten was from the rellos after I smoked a blunt (or two🤭). My roommate though, does not have the same story. He went back on his word probably the day after we made the pact, each time with a new excuse. “Oh I’m just waiting until the new years.” “This will be my last one.” “I’m just finishing this then i’m done.” over and over. I’ll be honest it absolutely annoyed the shit out of me. To me, it seemed selfish for us to agree to quit, and then not only go back on your own word, but create an environment where it’s even harder for me to achieve my goal of quitting. But it went on, for a few more weeks, every few days he’d come home with a new Posh or Mr. Vapor and I would kinda roll my eyes and look at him disapprovingly. 

But yesterday something changed. This man walks in the front door with a pack of cigarettes in his hand. I said excuse me? What are those doing in this house? He said he was just smoking one for his birthday then getting rid of the pack. I bet you guys can guess what didn’t happen next. So today he gets back from class, and goes right out to the balcony to have a cigarette, and I damn near lose it. I consider myself to be reasonable, and I don’t like inserting myself into other people’s business, but the bottom line is this: He is my friend, and I just don’t want him to hurt himself. I know he wants to quit, sort of, maybe. Idk. When I talk about quitting he acts like he wants to but then his actions show the exact opposite. I pretty much asked him if that was his last cig, he said no, and we kinda started going at it. It’s tough to watch addiction do this to someone I really care about. 

AITA for being intolerant of his situation and inserting myself into his business? Idk, I feel like sense it’s OUR apartment and we both agreed to quit, it’s kinda my business too on some level. What do you guys think?

EDIT: When we moved in we did NOT smoke cigarettes, we vaped. Smoking cigs and using a juul are very different. We have always agreed cigarettes are nasty until now. So it is concerning to see him change his values to fit his addiction.A friend of mine spend over a week in the northern part of Italy, exactly where the Corona hotspot is. It's his first day back home and we were supposed to meet each other since we're really close friends and we both missed each other, but I'm not willing to the take risk of getting the virus and further infecting my family / gf. He's mad at me for cancelling on him. Am I the asshole?Long story short, she got drunk at my borthers birthday party, said shed let me drive her home then drove home drunk when I left the room. She kept denying it, and saying she was fine. She sent me several texts saying that. I know she wasnt fine, she was drunk, so I've been ignoring her. She texted me yesterday saying she was wrong for what she did, and she wont drink around me anymore, and that she loves me. I love her to, but honestly. Shes just really not a good person. All she does is talk about herself. It's always about her. She drove drunk, and probably still does. Also, she knows my mom has a drinking problem, and enables her by bringing liquor over and encourages my mom to drink. Well, I talked to my mom about this, and my mom said that she told my aunt to tell me that she was wrong, and shes sorry. I dont think she would have apologized if my mom didnt tell her to. Well, I would go over to my aunts every so often to mow her lawn. She texted me yesterday when she apologized, and said that her lawn is overgrown, and that it needs to be done. Well, I'm tempted to just go over, and do it, and make up with her, but I honestly just don't want to be around her in case she drinks, and puts me in an uncomfortable position. WIBTA if I just kept ignoring her?Sorry I'm using mobile and this might be a little long.

So some context, about 5 years ago I (26M) found out that I have an unnaturally low S-count and it would require some crazy luck to have a kid of my own. For a long while I struggled with this quietly, only ever telling my girlfriend of the time. I kept this from my mom because she's always wanted grandchildren, from the moment my older brother turned 18 and it got even more noticeable when my aunt got grandchildren of her own even though she's younger than my mom. This in large part stems from her losing custody of my brother and I when I was 2. She's turned around a lot since then and wants a second chance it seems. I have a good relationship with our mom while my brother has a much more strained one.


When I turned 18 she started telling me to get ready for kids, that she'd baby sit and all the stuff a supportive and overbearing mom could provide. I never had the heart to tell my mom the news and hoped that my older brother (now 35) would have a kid or two that my mom could latch on to. So back in October when my brother surprises my mom with a message saying he's in a relationship and the woman he's dating is pregnant. My mom is elated yet cautious due to my brother never being too straight forward with her. He spends the next few days talking details with my mom when suddenly his messages stop and he doesn't reply at all until a few days before Christmas when he asks to come over. So to make this long story end a little faster, he and I came over to my mom's house on Christmas day for breakfast and just dropped on her that they decided to get an abortion. There's a lot more to it but that's the meat of it. Him and my momom got into a huge fight which resulted in me walking home and coming back an hour later to try and cheer my mom up.


Which finally leads to last night where I'm at my mom's house having dinner and she tells me her and my brother have made up but it seems like he won't be having kids anytime soon. So she begins pleading with me to start getting serious with my job and start dating again. I knew I was treading on thin ice and had up until this point danced around the subject of children but this time she was very adamant. So I just told her the truth and how long I had known. Her face went from shocked to angry, to sad and ended on angry again when she started telling at me for never telling her. Shouting things like "You never keep things like this from family!" and 'Now I'm never going to have grandchildren!" I tell her that I was going to adopt when and if I meet the proper woman but she just shot that down as a cop out. I'm pretty stressed as my mom has called me a few times today and I'm not looking forward to what she has to say. So should have I been more honest with my mom? 

TLDR: I found out I'm infertile and didn't tell my mom for years and now she's furious since my brother isn't likely to have his own kids.So, context. There's me, girl A and Girl B. I'm good friends with both of them, but they don't get along very well. I have a crush on Girl B and I think she has a crush on me (Lots of background stuff proving it), but Girl A talks to me the only class I see Girl B in (10th grade). I see Girl A in the last period and on the bus as we live in the same neighborhood and I havnt been driving because I have been working on my truck. I talk to Girl A after class, the 5 minutes before changing, and I see Girl B just standing alone. I want to talk to her...but I can't if I'm being talked to by Girl A. (Preface: Girl A has a boyfriend) I feel like talking to Girl A when Girl B is all alone is detering her and I to have actual conversations...Girl B friend is also there and sees me and Girl A talk, and might talk to Girl B and tell her things...maybe making it impossible for us to actually do more. WIBTA if I asked Girl A to talk to me in last period and on the bus so I can attempt to do something about the girl I actually like?Basically they live in a semi-farmhouse in a rural village in an eastern european country, so they have their ways of doing things and are deeply rooted in their culture. Me and my gf live 2 hours away in the nearest city.   


My gf's sister adopted a puppy from a shelter around 2 years ago, had it for a few weeks then dumped it at their parents house because having a puppy was too much trouble.   


Their parents took the dog and chained her up outside, with a small wooden box for shelter. They feed her and give her water but thats it. No walks, no socialisation.   


This weekend we went to visit her parents for a few days. I could see the dog out of the bedroom window and I found myself sobbing every time I saw her. I took her for an hour long walk and sat with her outside and stroked her belly, she's a little wild from all that pent up energy but she's incredibly sweet and smart, not aggressive at all.  


I've known about this issue for the whole 2 years she's been there, and it has caused many arguments between me and my girlfriend. But this time was my last time visiting them (I'm moving back to my own country in the summer) so I knew I had to do something now or never.   


I begged my girlfriend to talk to her sister and ask her to take the dog to a shelter.   
She said no, her sister wont do that because there is a fee for giving up a dog that you have to pay monthly. I offered to rent a car and take the dog to the shelter myself and pay the monthly fee. But she still wouldn't talk to her sister to ask if she would give ownership of the dog to me because she didn't want to cause drama.   


So its all down to me, I'm the only one who cares enough to do something so the dog's life is in my hands.   


I can report her parents to the police (its illegal to keep a dog on a chain of less than 5m and for more than 12 hours a day) but this will cause a lot of drama and a huge argument between me and my girlfriend, possibly leading to us breaking up.   
Her parents will be fined a lot of money and will possibly serve jail time.   
They have been nothing but super super sweet to me, welcoming me in to their family and giving me food and thoughtful gifts. The last thing I want to do is hurt anyone, but how can i stand by and watch them treat an animal so badly?   
The dog would be taken to a shelter by the police, but I'm not sure if it would be a kill or no-kill shelter or not.   


My second back up plan is a little bit flimsy, crazy, and I'm not sure if this would be a better option or not.   
I have been planning to move back home, convert a van and travel across Europe this year. I could drive to the country where the dog is being kept and beg them to let me take her, get her a passport, and take her travelling with me. But this idea isn't 100%, I'm in the process of starting my own small business but im not sure if it would be enough to fund my travels.  


So WIBTA if I reported my gf's parents to the police? This is all breaking my heart and I don't know what to do.My husband and I took a nice Caribbean cruise. Prior to the cruise, he did some research and ordered himself an unlimited internet package for the week for $140. He needs internet for work. We travel a lot and he always needs internet access during our trips for work. I thought that that was an exorbitant and unnecessary waste of money because I did my own research and discovered that his plan was only for one device (his) and internet onboard the ship is spotty. This meant he’d likely experience internet problems. I convinced him to follow my lead and to downgrade to a $40 3gb plan. Historically, we have never needed or used more than 3gb in week. He reluctantly agreed but it was obvious he had his reservations. 

Well, he blew through 3gbs in about 2 days. Now we had to spend $199 for unlimited data for the rest of the week. Prices go up once you’re on the ship. So, basically his week of internet went from $140 to $240. 

I don’t feel like he should be upset at me because we’ve never used that much internet before. I suspect the cruise line was cheating us, but don’t have evidence to support this. He’s upset because I discounted his research, cancelled his order, and replaced it with an inadequate product and now he has to spend an extra $100 for the same thing he had previously ordered. 

I don’t think it’s my fault though because I did do a lot of research and we’ve never used that much internet data before. I’m also upset because he used his original data plan on his two devices and wasn’t considerate enough to link up one of my devices. He uses an iPad and iPhone. 

AITA?Okay. So my best friend just graduated from college recently and moved out of the house that we lived (me, him, his ex, and our mutual friend) in. He and my housemate broke up awhile back but he was still hung up on her. He said that he was told that she was going out to a bar with her friend the other day, but when he kept looking on snapmaps, she would still be sending snaps from our house. When he told me what she said, I basically said "I don't know, I just know there was a guy here". He then confronts her about her not being truthful which then leads to her blowing up at me because i made this awkward situation between her ex and her harder. Am I the asshole for being honest with my best friend about what's going on? Thank you for the advice.Try to keep this short. Place I work is a large national company but I think treats their employees really well, best place I've ever worked including a general happy, hardworking, people are friendly environment. 

Coworker doesn't fit and I'm sick of her - which sounds terrible. She's got terrible work ethic, long breaks and lunches which she only half tries to hide. Calls off constantly,  claims sick but posts her being out doing fun stuff on Facebook then gloats about it - does this more if she has harder assignments then complains she's too good for easy work. Shit talks employees. Asks for money.

My breaking point made a joke about a mentally ill coworker - "be careful they might kill you". Nope! I know our hr won't be okay with that she's on warning for attendance and her work quality. I also know she uses edibles and could tattle.

Im sick of her bringing the rest of us down. Aita to basically TRY to get her fired? Her behavior has been going on for ~yearWe have been together now since high school so for over 10 years. When we first started dating, my wife was very thin. She was not underweight, but I would say she was not extremely far from it. Then when we start college she started to gain weight. It was enough to make her chubby/borderline chubby, but the weight distributed really well and looked great on her IMO. 

Her weight didn't change much for the rest of college after her initial gain, but she gained a bit more right after graduation. She ended up losing that bit of extra weight and got back to where she was in college, and that is where she has stayed for the past 5 years until recently. 

My wife decided that she wanted to really try and get back down to her high school weight, and she did. I was really proud of her, but at the same time I was also disappointed. She lost all of the curves she gained and now is so thin again. 

We've always had a great sex life, but since she lost the weight things have not been the same. After so many years of being used to her fuller figure, it has been difficult getting used to her being so tiny.

She has obviously noticed I've stopped initiating and asked me why. I told her that I miss her ass, thighs and breasts which lead to me asking her to gain back some of the weight, not all of it but about half or so which would be 25-30 pounds. She said this really hurt her after the effort she went through to lose weight, but I honestly think she looks better with a little chub on her. If she did gain the weight back she still would be healthy, so it is not as if I asked her to be unhealthy. Of course it is ultimately her choice, and I will respect it, but I don't think there is anything wrong with telling her my preference  and expressing a wish that she'd be a little curvier.The title is pretty much my point, and I honestly was pretty surprised to meet any sort of contention on this. My GF and I just had a talk about alcohol and my comfort ranges with drinking. She knows that alcohol has had a neutral to negative effect anytime i’ve interacted with it and so she asked me how I felt about her drinking. My response and explanation was that I tend to not enjoy being around people who are drinking or have been because I fee that my interactions with them are less genuine to a degree depending on the person. This was apparently a bad thing to say. Reddit, AITA??

P.s. I know, I’m the life of the party.

Info for questions already asked: 
-The drinking is college underage drinking, Both of us are 20.

-The CURRENT drinking she does is controlled, but it hasn’t been in the past. (Nothing near alcoholism, just a couple parties.)

-When I say “drinking”, I’m referring to consuming alcohol in any normal capacity ie. A single serving or more of whatever is being drank.I recently began taking a class in my spare time that finishes with a performance in the Spring. I have 2 coworkers that are really supportive of my new hobby and want to come see the show. That’s fine! Background: I will be on a stage doing something new to me and speaking in front of a crowd is terrifying.

I have another coworker, J, who is not very close with me and a bit of a busy-body. She heard us talking about this show and said oh everyone should go, send an invite. I said, no I don’t want to do that. I don’t want to make it a big thing and I’m already nervous. 

She sends a calendar invitation to all of my office. 

Since this date, we’ve had several interactions proving more that she is a bit selfish and more importantly, not supportive of me. It is not unrealistic to think she wouldn’t make fun of me if I mess up on stage. Most recently she told me I was selfish for missing a work party on a weekend to attend my best friends birthday. 

So WIBTAH if I ask her not to come?I got called a disappointment for spitting grape juice in the floor

So this story takes place around the first or second week of 2020. 

so this year my mom decided to do something different. since all of us are under age she bought sparkling grape juice and put it into champaign glasses. we all sat on the sofa and said things that we were happy about and wanted to accomplish in 2020. after us joking and pretending to take a sip we all got to drink our grape juice (it was white and wouldn’t stain). i made direct eye contact with my sister while trying to chug my juice as fast as i could. i start to giggle and i spit all of my juice out onto the floor. i was sitting on the end so it didn’t get on anyone. my mother proceeds to pull me into the kitchen while my best friend and s/o start to clean up. 
mom: you’re a disappointment and an embarrassment 
i don’t say anything back and my mom walks upstairs. she’s n e v e r said anything like this to me before. i tell my s/o what happens after we finish cleaning up and my friend heads home while my sister and her s/o head upstairs. 

time goes by and my s/o tells me that no matter what my mom should never call me that. 

a few nights ago i bring it up with a conversation like this, keep in mind i’m still very upset and i’m a hsp and have many self esteem issues so things get to me easily and i don’t tend to forgive people. 
me: s/o is still upset that you called me a disappointment 
mom: yea well you ruined my night and disappointed me greatly. s/o will just have to get over it 
m then changes the topic to the cat who is sitting in my room next to me. i’m still v e r y upset about it and now i don’t want to forgive my mom. 

AITA for not forgiving her?Edit — to clarify, in New Hampshire, you don’t need a learner’s permit to learn to drive as long as you are over the age of 18 and are accompanied by a licensed driver over the age of 25. Legally, I’m allowed to drive while learning as long as I stay within the state. 

Backstory- I’m learning to drive at age 20 and my friend doesn’t have a parent to teach her, so my mother offered to give her a few lessons if I would be the one to pick up, drop off, and do most of the driving until we got to the parking lot for my friend to drive. (It’s good practice). 

The practice goes well and it’s my friend’s first time actually driving at all and she does well. After going to a store and hanging out a little longer, her and I decided Panera sounded great to get a bite to eat. I offered to pay for all three of us, but my friend has never been the type to merely let others pay, so she pays for her own meal. 

While ordering, I explicitly tell my mother if she wants a smoothie for her order (which I was paying for) then to add one now because I would NOT be sharing mine. I love the Strawberry Banana smoothies with a burning passion and having grown up in a household full of food thieves, I’m protective of what food is mine. She declines and I pay the $25 or so that it cost. 

After dropping my friend off and nearly getting home (my mother is driving at this point because I’m tired), my mother asks to have the rest of my smoothie. Now, there isn’t a whole lot left and it’s at the perfect temperature for my sensitive teeth to handle, so I’m greatly enjoying what little I have left. When asked if I would give her the rest of my smoothie, of course, I stood by my word and said she could not have any of it because I had told her she needed to get her own if she wanted a smoothie. 

She then proceeded to tell me how much of a selfish jerk I was because she let me drive her car, waste her gas, and then made my mother give lessons to my friend. Driving is not what I had in mind when I was finally able to hang out with my friend of nearly half my life at this point (we both work a lot and don’t have our own licenses or cars). It was my mother’s idea to have us doing driving together. 

So... was I a jerk to not share my smoothie with my mother after warning her and paying for her meal or was she just being an entitled mother? :/My older brother is someone I've never really been that close with. While growing up, he preferred to go out drinking and for several years of our life he was in jail/prison for various stints of time. Due to his time away and our different personalities, he always seemed like hardly more than an acquaintance.

Over the last few years he has really started to turn his life around and I'm happy for him. He has a fiance and a small child. He's even started to be around the family again and come to events like Thanksgiving, when before he was practically estranged from us (his choice). However, he recently asked if I would help him and his friends destroy and build a deck onto his fiance's house. He said it would take two days, but I'm skeptical about that time frame. There are numerous reasons I don't want to do it, such as:

\- I don't want to dedicate an entire weekend to an unpaid project

\- I think it's disrespectful to ask that much out of someone you're not that close to

\- I know absolutely nothing about construction. I'm an IT office worker.

I told him maybe I'd help a bit, but I can't dedicate my entire weekend to this and he started to get frustrated. He said "dude. it's not that big of deal. You're doing it." I know this is probably NTA, but at the same time, he's my brother. They also have a kid and according to him, can't afford to pay someone to rebuild the unsafe deck.

AITA?I (25F) was recently offered a new job in NYC. I’m excited at the opportunity to move somewhere new since I have lived my whole life in my hometown.

The situation here that I need a ruling on is how to handle leaving, specifically with my family. Sorry this is so long.

The backstory: My parents divorced when I was 13. My father cheated & I caught him. My mom & I left & she raised me on her own & continues to be the person in the world I am closest to. My father (we’ll call him Greg), was involved in the sense he would let me crash at my childhood home on weekends so I could see my friends, but he was never a consistent factor. Some weekends I would come & leave without seeing him or my first stepmom. As I’ve grown older he has become completely distant any time he gets remarried & only reaches out when he’s drunk or lonely/getting divorced again.

During his last marriage to a woman (we’ll call her Linda), he upped & left to move to another state without telling me (we were actually on okay terms at this point). He then divorced her & moved back. I only found out as a childhood friend of mine sent me a snapchat of him at the liquor store. I eventually found out through some cousins of mine that he had been home for a few months & asked that no one tell me. I still have not figured out what I did wrong.

His side of the family refuses to acknowledge the damaging things he’s done to our relationship over the years. His inconsistency in my life causes me a ton of anxiety & his narrative has given my family the opinion that I am the reason our relationship is the way it is. For clarity, I have only gone NC since August. Before then I was still trying to have a relationship with him, but he cut me off when he got back together with Linda, who gave him the ultimatum that he cut me off or she will divorce him again. I truly don’t know what I’ve done wrong, but at this point I was getting off the rollercoaster of having a breakdown every time Greg chose a new wife over a relationship with his daughter, so I made the decision to go NC rather than hope this time around it’s different.

WIBTA if I make this move without telling my family? Most of them live several hours away, they won’t make the trip out to see me off & I don’t want to risk Greg finding out & making a scene. My mom thinks he will because he uses “large gestures” to show the family that he’s trying & that I’m the one rejecting him. He’s done this historically & then disappears for months even when I accept the gesture. I’m even concerned about having any sort of going away party or telling anyone other than close friends at the risk of my family finding out through the grapevine & freaking out. Part of me just wants to disappear.

So, Reddit, WIBTA?Went to the park today, it was pretty windy and when I opened my door and let go it smacked right into the car next to me. I panicked and didn’t notice anything at first and thought I had dodged the biggest bullet ever. Well, after my walk I came back and the car was still there and I glanced at it again. Turns out there was a pretty big chip in the door I glossed over I guess. I sat in my car and stewed over it for about 5 minutes before calling my dad to ask what I should do. He just told me “I can’t afford the insurance!” (i’m still on my parents car insurance). I got mad at him cause I knew I should have waited for whoever it was but after my dad kept reiterating that we can’t afford it I drove off. I feel like a total asshole, plus a little paranoid cause now what if some camera saw me and I can get into some kind of legal trouble? Point is, I fucked up and its eating at my conscience.I'm a student, I live at home with my mum, stepdad, and half brother (age 8). Mum and stepdad both work 7-7 with commute.

From 7-7 I am responsible for my brother. I get up at 6, get myself ready, wake him at 7:30, drive him to school, go to work/university, pick him up, do chores/assignments, repeat. On weekends my mum and stepdad usually go somewhere, typically a date where they get a hotel, so most of the time I'm with my brother all weekend.

It's not ideal, but I don't have to pay rent so I'm able to save just about all my income, which will go a long way when I move out at the end of my degree in May 2021.

However, mum calls me all the time. And when she's not calling she's texting. I've had to text her in lectures saying "can't talk. in class." and she'll still keep texting. I've tried turning my phone off but then I'll get out of lectures to 5 missed calls and 10 texts asking me if something is wrong=, even though I've made it clear why I'm turning my phone off. Same for when I put it on silent and I miss calls.

I wouldn't mind if these calls were urgent, but it's literally just "I'm bored". And these aren't short calls by any means. I went through my call logs and added it all up. In the last 13 days, I have spent over 24 hours on the phone with her. So of the last 13 days, one full day has been spent talking with my mother on the phone. And that's not including texting. The reason they last so long is that her client meetings are scheduled in by the hour so when she has an hour free she spends it talking to me. I know how absurd that number sounds, but it's true.

And, reminder, WE LIVE TOGETHER. So she gets home and we have the exact same conversations in person that we've had on the phone. She spends half of each conversation asking about my brother, wanting to know if he got to bed and school alright (which he always does), and the rest giving me updates on her work, wanting to know what's happening for me at uni, asking what's for dinner, and a solid 10 minutes of each call is her telling me how she would make whatever I'm making for dinner.

I know this is bad but I've tried to just put the phone on mute while she was talking, because she makes up 90% of the conversation, but if I don't make some sort of noise/comment every minute or so to indicate I'm listening she'll start asking if I'm listening to her. I've tried to say I have to go but she keeps talking.

There's also the added factor that due to watching my brother I can only go to the library during my breaks, and I'm not allowed to be on a phone call in the library, so if she rings me during lectures/breaks then I can't go into the library until I can hang up with her, and if the phone call runs until the end of the break, which it usually does, then I don't get to go at all.

Also, before anyone suggests a mental thing - she's a therapist. I shit you not.

WIBTA if I told her I don't want to talk to her during the day?My friend is planning the party for her 21st birthday (which doesn’t even happen for another two months).  I was sitting with her and one of our other friends when this subject came up.  In the past, they have both criticized the way that I dress.  They have said things like “why don’t you ever try to look cute?” And “why do you always wear shorts, hoodies, and t-shirts all the time?” They have commented on multiple occasions that I always look the same. Everyone who knows me is aware that I really don’t care what other people think of me.  I’m incredibly busy and I don’t have time to try to impress anyone with my outfits.  I don’t feel like this should really be a problem. 

Anyway, we were sitting together and my friend brought up that she wants everyone to look cute at her birthday party and that I have to wear a dress.  I told her that I don’t feel comfortable at all in dresses and that I don’t even own any dresses. She insisted that she wanted pictures, and she wanted everyone to be in cute dresses for them.  I was pretty upset because it sounded like she only cares about the Instagram post that she wants to make.  Our other friend told me that she would take me shopping for a dress, and that we would find something affordable for me. I told them both that I was not willing to wear a dress and that I shouldn’t have to wear something I don’t want to wear. 

To be clear, my friend has already stated that she just wants to spend the night going to bars.  She isn’t planning a formal dinner where people would be expected to dress up.  I feel like I should be able to wear whatever I feel comfortable in.  I personally hate how I look in dresses and I would spend the whole night feeling insecure if I wore one.  Our other friend is trying to tell me that I should do it to make my friend happy, it’s a special night for her, and we want to make sure that we’re dressed to properly “represent” her.  I’m pretty upset because I feel like I’m being targeted specifically because they don’t like my clothes and they know I won’t show up dressed super feminine and “cute” because that isn’t who I am. 


Anyway, the conversation ended up being awkward and I’m not really sure who is in the wrong here.  AITA and should my friends be able
to tell me how I have to dress for this kind of occasion?I'm a 19 year old man with a 3mo old son. His mother surrendered her rights and is no longer in the picture. I work 4am-12pm at a gas station and I raise my son, that's what I do these days. Only one of my friends still speaks to me and hangs out with me. I live at home with my parents and sister (21) and pay a small rent each month. I can't afford to move out with the baby. My parents help me when they can. My sister doesn't like my son, she once told me she thinks he's an annoyance and hinderance. If he cries she complains. If there's baby clothes in the laundry she complains. Basically the baby exists and that pisses her off. I'm not perfect but I'm trying my best to be a good dad. My sister has never offered to help with the baby beyond holding him briefly and she hasn't done that more than about four or five times since he was born.

The other day my friend called and offered me a really great opportunity for some side-work. He works construction and they needed an extra guy for some installation work. Four hours and I'd get $400.00. I jumped at it, any extra money can only help. I started trying to find a babysitter. My sister was hanging out in the living room while I walked around the house on the phone. I managed to find a sitter who said she didn't want to be paid and went to get the baby ready. My sister asked me why I didn't ask her when she was sitting right there. I told her I didn't think she'd want to since she'd never offered to help before. She told me it was different, this was for work and not just me wanting to sleep or whatever, and he was about to go down for his nap and he's pretty easy when first wakes up, she told me it wouldn't be a problem.

I asked her why she didn't say something between phone calls and she said she didn't think she needed too because we're family and family asks each other for help. I reminded her of all the times she'd complained about the baby and me and called him names and told me she waited he'd never been born and asked her why she thought I'd ever trust her with my son. She started crying and told me that wasn't fair and I needed to remember that the whole house was dealing with a baby and she was just having a hard time adjusting but she'd never do anything to hurt him. I told her she should have spoken to me about her feelings instead of acting like a child, took my son and left. When I got home both my parents set in on me because my sister told them I'd accused her of bad intentions to the baby. AITA for being honest when my sister offered to babysit?

ETA: apparently God is on my side right now. The lady I mentioned in the post who babysat my son for me, she goes to church with my mom and when I dropped my son off I explained that I was having trouble finding a sitter or paying for daycare. She called the pastor and explained the situation and two days a week my son can attend the church nursery school from 7am-12pm for free!!, and the lady has offered to take my son one day a week during the same time-frame and has also found another lady who will take him for one day a week, same time-frame. The ladies both requested $50.00, which I'm happy to pay. That means there's only one day a week and three hours in the mornings that I need childcare and my mom has agreed to watch him for the three hours and drop him off! I still have to figure out Fridays but Monday-Thursday are covered. I can breathe again.I met this girl, we’ll call her El, though my church about two or so years ago. We always saw each other about every Saturday because we were both in the church then. After a while she stopped showing up on Saturdays and we stopped texting, so our only form of contact with each other was through Snapchat. We had kept pretty long streaks.

I also regularly talk to her sister and her sisters three friends on Saturdays. I still don’t know where El is, and I’ve gotten less involved in the church over the past few months so if she stops showing up then, I’ll never see her. 

A few days ago, she commented through Snapchat on how we don’t really talk anymore. I agreed. She suggested that I text her. She still hasn’t responded. 

I’m worried about ghosting her for the following reasons:

1. I think she has a mental health thing??? She sometimes asks if we’re cool with each other because she’s had trouble dealing with “fake friends” and a couple people that I’ve talked to said that she sometimes texts things asking what would happen if she disappeared. 

2. I’m still in contact with her sister and her friends. Less in the past few weeks with her sister, though. The thing is, word travels fast between the group so I could stop talking to her on Thursday and be questioned about it on Saturday.

Even if I did, I’d still feel bad. I just can’t put in effort to keep talking to her if she can’t do the same for me.One of my mothers christmas gifts to me was sponsoring I quote "a poor African child". She had me literally scroll through a page of teary eyed children and pick one to sponsor. I understood the sentiment but I did some digging into this organization after I'd been pressured to fill out the details (i know it's a monetary monthly gift but I'm not sure how much). Turns out this organization is a rather uncomfortably extreme Christian group. While they supposedly offer education and support to African Children, I found evidence of a lot of shady things within. 

The biggest red flag was an email I received shortly after. It was a form that you filled out to "introduce" yourself to this child. But it was only filling out names and small details. Heres a quote from the letter. 

"Your sponsorship of (child) means that he will have a chance for a better future ... for breaking the cycle of poverty! He will receive education, health care, supplemental nutrition, and loving adult care, all from a Biblical perspective. And as his sponsor, you can be a very strong influence for hope, encouragement, and the love of Christ in his life."

The rub is; I'm not christian and I have some serious ethical qualms about christian missions in the context of raising kids that dont belong to that culture.

The letters are all more or less the same from my end, filling in my name and small details of my life, but they also always say things like "I'm praying that you receive blank" or "I hope that you walk with christ when you do blank". 

I know the money is going through fine (as I get a thanks every month from the organization)  and I even got a "letter" ostensibly from the child I sponsored (though I doubt it as I ran across several instances of people getting the same letter several times in a row or people getting the same letter / drawing with a different name at the end), but I never actually sent out that first letter. It just seemed wrong. I've had at least one prompt a week to send something but haven't responded to any. 

Why I think I may be an 
asshole is considering it's a 5 year old kid who likely has no grasp at all on the ethical implications of a white church teaching him religion, especially when hes (ostensibly)  being fed and clothed. 

So am I an asshole for not 'writing' to this child?I (19F) was close friends with 20F, B, for 6 yrs. I was naive & straightedge before B but within a year of knowing B I had started with some questionable behavior. Regardless, B & I were extremely close and helped each other through a lot. We both had rough home lives & were disadvantaged. We made very poor decisions for a few years of knowing each other. When I turned 15, I moved out of state to live with estranged family members after spending some time in foster care. Here’s here our lives started to diverge. I had stability for the first time and I used it to better myself, & access to quality therapy. She dropped out of hs at 15, the next year started dating a 27M (T) and lived with him. T has a child, now 6? She started mothering him. She started growing up too fast & I felt she was being groomed. I tried to talk to her about it & she told me not to “rain on her happiness”. That’s where distance started. I loved her as always but didn’t like her decisions & stopped trying to help.

After that I visited far less because to be short this man made me uncomfortable & I strongly disagree with what I frankly feel is creepy. She was so adamant about her relationship being okay.

I myself ended up in a bad relationship with an abusive man who, in 1 of many ways to get control, had me delete all social media. This made frequent contact hard because her phone service was often out, but we talked as much as we could. 2 years ago she had a bad car accident that left her significantly injured to the point where her mobility is compromised. B stopped talking to a lot of people after that bc she couldn’t go out as much. I think it’s changed B as a person & she just never seems happy though she hasn’t for a while. Our relationship directly didn’t change too much because we already mostly talked online & barely saw each other because of distance.

Now I am in an excellent college and out of that relationship & doing well, though working through some trauma. It’s been a huge adjustment for me. I have a lot less free time with my workload & when I do have free time I want to decompress. B recently went off of me bc she thinks I don’t check in on her enough & feels distant. I feel at this point in their lives people tend to distance from childhood friends because of these changes, let alone how I feel it’s been building up for some time. The manner she said it was condescending/bitter. She accused me of spending all my time with “the stereotypical college experiences.” I don’t feel like I’m wrong to spend time taking care of myself & enjoying the opportunity I have. For once I feel normal. I wouldn’t have as big a problem with this if it weren’t for the tone she took. I also feel guilty. My therapist used to warn me that our different choices would eventually lead us down different paths but I didn’t want to believe someone so important to me could leave my life. I haven’t spoken to her since.On December 2, 2019, my computer experienced a power surge which fried the motherboard. Being that I'm in highschool and I have a part-time job, I do not have the funds to pay for a new one. I went a repair shop to get a quote for how much it would cost to repair the computer and I was told it would be 460. I had the money to pay for that but I asked the man to wait and let me ask my parents for their advice. Later, he called me and stated that he would reduce the price to $400 as long as I got straight As in school. I waited for one week and he let me know that his sister had died the week after I gave him the computer. As a result of this, I gave him some space for a few days and then talked with him again. He then told me that the battery had also fried in the computer so he needed an extra $60 dollars to pay for the battery. I obliged and did so only to find out he had ordered the batteries from China. He stated it would take 6 to 8 weeks for the battery to arrive. I begrudgingly obliged to this and waited for 8 whole weeks. After 8 weeks, the battery had still not arrived and he stated that he would be giving me a full refund as well as my computer back. What he had also done was that when he purchased the new motherboard from the company that he buys his parts from, he also had to send to old motherboard back as per some unknown agreement that he had with the company. As of today, I've been waiting for nearly 4 months and I finally stated that he either needed to give me my $460 dollars and computer alongside the original motherboard back today or I would be filling a civil claim for $3200. The computer itself was purchased for $1020. I was also a bit firm and possibly a bit rude when I contacted him stating what I would do but I don't know if I was wrong for putting my foot down and demanding all of my money alongside my computer today. Was I wrong for this?So, I have my own Nintendo Switch that I bought with my money. My siblings use my Nintendo Switch if I'm not using it and if I say it's okay.

About two months ago, my sister that we'll call M bought her own Nintendo Switch Lite. 

I asked M today if she still needed her account on my Nintendo Switch, which she said yes. I want to delete her account on my Nintendo Switch to make room for future accounts. It's not an online account, so, that won't effect anything. She'll just have her Breath of the Wild save data deleted (since that's all she played on my Switch.) I know M would be pissed at me for asking her but deleting it anyway. But, M doesn't use my Nintendo Switch anymore.This might not be brief, sorry about that. 

So I’m minding my business, when I get a message from this random guy who gonna called for lack a better name, Guy. The first thing he says is hi can you send me a real picture of you? I ask him who he is, thinking maybe he knows a friend of mine and I just never met him. My phone has been censoring my attitude because it comes out as how as are, tried to correct it right away (Damn autocorrect lol)

He says he’s fine and asks if I’m in the USA, I said ok but again who are you. He says good morning. I started to lose my patience slightly and say I see your dodging my question. Guy tells me where he’s from, I say ok. Then he says he’s not dodging the question, just talk. Ok. He’s asks how old I am. I ask why. He says he just curious and ask if I’m ok. I’m fine

He then says that I’m acting like I’ve been scared by a million men and proceeds to rant on about how I’m being in unfriendly and that he’s been nothing but polite to me, that I need to go find my “bad guys” somewhere else. He then says “One you going to have to get over this” Instant attitude. 

Me: I’m not afraid of men, so excuse me if I get cautious when some random guy hit my phone and I ask a few questions to try and determine whether or not your to be trusted or trying to harm me. If you weren’t such a jerk just now, I maybe would’ve told you that and we probably could’ve talked more but nah I’m good in this convo. Go find a chick who like verbal abuse elsewhere 

Did I clap back too hard? Should I have curbed my attitude a bit better??The company I work for is huge. There are many different groups that have nothing to do with each other and have different managers etc. 

I was offered a new position with a different group last week. I informed my current manager that I had an interview with them before I even went and later let him know that I had been offered the job. There was some paperwork that had to be done for the new position, so I gave my current manager a tentative start date of March 9 on Monday of last week (2/17). At that time, he told me that it didn’t have to be two weeks notice and that I could start sooner if I wanted/needed to. 

All the paperwork went through yesterday late afternoon, so I wrote my formal resignation letter and sent it in this morning with March 6 as my last day in this position (so that I could start the new job March 9 as had been discussed).

This afternoon, my current manager pulled me into his office and told me that my new manager and I were incredibly inconsiderate for not including him in the discussions of when I would start the new position. He then told me that I could start there as early as March 1. But it was unprofessional for me not to include him in these discussions and I might really piss off the wrong manager in the future...

Even though I had talked with him about the start date before...

AITAH here?Long time lurker, first time poster (and on mobile so please forgive the formatting).

My partner and I are both flying internationally tomorrow in economy.  It's a long flight (12+ hours), and I have the option to be put on an upgrade list since I have status, but she does not.

The likelihood of the upgrade going through is slim (I have silver on United, which is 1 tier above the introductory one), but if it did I would like to take it since it is a long flight.

She thinks I would be TA if it went through and I took the upgrade since I would be leaving her alone in economy for a long flight.  I told her if things were reversed I'd be a bit jealous but would want her to take the upgrade as it'd be much more comfortable.

We're both 29F. She knows I'm posting this, and we want to get Reddit's opinion whether I would be the asshole here?Could use some insight here.

So my wife and I both have separate vehicles. She has a small car and I have a truck. We've established early on that we'd be responsible for the insurance, gas, repairs for our respective vehicles.

That said when I got the truck I needed it for carrying around a lot of stuff, and it was handy to have if we'd go camping but we go up to a cabin now so it's not as necessary. I also work farther away.

My wife loves using the truck for groceries and the occasional big item purchase. I can also help out her family if need be.

So I'm in a bind, because for me I'm paying for a truck that I'm not really benefiting from. I've done research and I'd still be able to do a lot with a smaller SUV (thinking of a GMC Terrain if it helps). The only thing would be big items. So say we bought a couch, I couldn't take it home but they deliver; and her family may be inconvenienced, but in my eyes it's not like I should be worried about that. I mean, if they want a truck, they can buy one themselves.

I asked my wife, and she was hesitant. I even offered to sell her the truck and she refused. I posted an ad on Facebook and shared it to my wall. Lo and behold I got a ton of feedback from my family. My wife's gone from hesitant and slightly upset to now saying I'm the asshole which frankly I don't get. It's not like I sold it to some rando and left them dry. I'm leaving it to be sold to family and friends. I figured this was a win-win but what do you all think? AITA for selling the truck?My dad told me to wash up his his plate and I washed it and then after a little bit he came into the kitchen and saw the knife near the sink he said he told me to wash the plate and the knife when he clearly didnt my sister backed me up on that then he talked to me like i was some kind of child saying well the knife was near the sink I shouldve inspected it and saw that it was dirty (when it looked clean it was used to cut bread) and wash it and i asked him why he didnt put  the knife in the sink and he told me that doesnt matter im changing im not the boy I used to be because I play games more with my friends, point out when theyre wrong and basically be me. It bothers me that he was so lazy he couldnt put the knife in the sink (I'm 15) I didn't put any punctuation marks because I look at the screen when I type and I normally add them afterI'm a babysitter and this single mom is very nice so I give her a small discount, (She pays 15 an hour while everyone else pays 20) let us call her asshat and call me fooled babysitter. Here is the interaction.

AH: So how much is your pay this week?

FB: About $120.

AH: What that's 20 dollars more than last week!

FB: Well yeah you had me babysit A (Fake name) for 2 hours yesterday instead of one. What's not to understand? 

AH: Is there anything I can do for a discount? Like, get you a 24 pack. (Soda not beer I don't drink)

FB: Um, fine I'll take off 20.

AH: Only 20? Why not, say 50?

Note I had no idea that she was like this, she had always been very nice around me. That's why my name is fooled babysitter.

FB: No.

AH: Why im a single mother.

FB: 100 Now and the 24 pack within the hour.

AH: No you will get 70.

FB: No 100 and the 24 pack and if you pay 70 that will be stealing.

AH: But it's my money.

FB: It's your money that you owe me, now pay up or I will go to the cops.

She paid me the money and soda so the cops were not involved, I no longer babysit for her. Am I the asshole?So this is sort of a continuation of my [last post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/f51cd4/aita_for_deleting_someone_who_creeps_me_out/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) here.  TL;DR: my now-ex-friend Fiona chose a creepy guy she’s known for a year over me, her friend of five years.  Fiona was even a bridesmaid in my wedding.

I recently sent Fiona a message outlining a bunch of times I was there for her as a friend (there were many, she went through a lot in our last year of uni) and pointed out she’s throwing away this five-year friendship for a one-year one.  She responded saying I was using past acts of friendship against her (?), and that she’d be sending me everything I’ve ever given her through the post so I can’t use that against her (???).  I thought “Alright, there’s a second-hand shop round the corner, I’ll bring it all there”.  I told her to keep a pack of earrings I’d gotten her as they hadn’t cost much (and I don’t know if the shop would take used cheap earrings).

One of the things I’d gotten her was a lovely set of pajamas for this past Christmas.  I got similar sets for myself and my friend Mary; the three of us had all been super close.  Fiona and Mary are now ex-friends as well, as Mary has stood steadfastly by my side.  Fiona has asked if she can keep the pajamas.  Because we all have pajamas from the same shop, same style and materials but just different patterns, I can’t help but think negatively about Fiona when I wear mine, and I wouldn’t be surprised if Mary does too.  I actually got excited at the idea of getting those back, so I could know Fiona no longer had them and stop thinking about her.

So, WIBTA for insisting on getting the pajamas back?

ETA: anything I get back would be **donated**, not sold, to a charity shop in my neighbourhood.
There’s this new shopping center that opened up in our city. This shopping center is right next to my neighborhood. 

My neighbors and I are right on the edge of the suburbs. Which means we get a whole lot of people trying to park on our street now to avoid paying for parking in the shopping center. The shopping center parking is pretty crazy expensive so I do understand why they don’t want to pay for it.

Since I nights I wait til after my neighbors have all left for work around 10 am and go and park my two cars on the street in front of my house. As after 11 am it’s almost impossible to find any parking near my house.

The whole reason I do this is because most of my neighbors don’t have driveways or garages like I do. So when they come home from work they have to park really far away from their homes.

I’ve put these orange magnets on the back and front of my cars, so my neighbors know their my cars. So my neighbors know if they see a car with the magnets they can just call me and I’ll come out and move my car for them.

last Friday one of my neighbor gets home and calls me for one of my spots. So I go out to move my car. Since it’s Friday the street is especially crowded so he had to go around the block because people were honking behind him.

I get in my car and wait for him to come back around. I wave off people waiting for the spot. This one guy tries waiting for my spot longer even though I keep waving him off. 

Eventually he gives up and goes. My neighbor is behind him so I move my car and immediately park it in my driveway. 

The guy in front that was waiting gets pissed steps out of his car and yells “what the fuck, man. You don’t get to save spots”

He definitely spooked my neighbor and she says I probably should save spots anymore. 

I’ve asked how some of my other neighbors feel about it and some say they do feel bad about doing it. Others say they don’t care if it upsets the shopper because they actually live here and are asking me to continue.I’m in highschool and kids usually don’t smell awful, most lf them take showers and such. However there is one who you can smell across the class room. I’m in a class with him and was selected to be his partner. He reeks when he sat down next to me I coughed and told him I was sick. After a few weeks now I had it up to here with him. With his awful stench. I said, “heyy bud, umm do you wear deodorant?” He said “yeah” I said “I dont think you do, just do us a favor and please freshen yourself up” he didnt really respond. I feel like a dick, but cant quite figure out if I was doing the right thing or not.

Edit: This happened yesterday, I saw him today (2 hours after this post) and he doesn’t smell that bad anymore.So almost 30 years ago my mom was failed out of an RN program twice during clinical due to internal politics. She went to a different school and got her LPN instead a few years later. She has a tendency to corner me and rant about this injustice at least once a month, in detail, repeating the entire story over again as though I didn’t grow up hearing it. When I wasn’t able to complete my own degree a couple of years ago (school cancelled a long standing summer session of a class, wouldn’t work with me to complete it remotely, wanted me to stay out of state and dick about for a full YEAR until the class came back around again the following spring, which I couldn’t afford) she had to circle it back around to her own program failure, and after nearly 30 years of play by play over exactly how unjust what happened to her was, I’m just sick of hearing about it and I want the topic closed permanently. I know how devastating it was for her to experience failing out twice, but at some point I feel like enough is enough. WIBTA if I  told her to stop obsessing over something that happened almost three decades ago? I’ve tried to stop her before but any obvious sign of disinterest and she acts like I’m the meanest person ever “oh I know you don’t care...” woe is me schtick and it makes me wonder if I’m just being insensitive.My best friend knows that I have been struggling with infertility for 3 years now and knows that I really struggle sometimes.

She recently told me she is pregnant. (Til now she hasn’t been trying.) She did so by sending me a picture of her scan, a smiley face and a gushing message that read ‘so looks like you will be sharing your birthday with someone special this year! :-)!!’  I am happy for her and said as much, but jst wish She could have been more tactful with how she told me. So I sent her an email..

———

Hi *,

First of all, congratulations on your pregnancy. This is absolutely not something to take away from that, it is amazing news and I am happy for you.

But I need to get this off my chest. You know that we have been trying for 3 years now. That is three years of heartbreak and gut wrenching loss every single month. I grieve, but have nothing to grieve for. Every month it changes who I am as a person. 

Every pregnancy announcement hits me hard. Famous people, because it’s all over media, people I work with because then I have to watch their pregnancy, and then hardest of all are friends. Because I want to be happy for them and share their excitement, but I know I have to spend the next 9 months and then onwards watching them as they go on a journey I’m not sure I will ever experience.

I spend my life waiting for the next pregnancy announcement and wondering which of my friends it is going to be, but knowing it won’t be me.

When * told us she was pregnant, I was in the supermarket and I burst in to tears in the middle of the aisle. * told us over Skype, but I had * with me so that made it easier.

One of my best mates over here, who knows what I am going through, first found out where I was and checked I wasn’t at work. She then rang * found out where he was and let him know she was going to tell me. She then rung me, and very gently told me that she was pregnant and nearly cried for me. After that, she rang * back and asked if I was okay.

You may not realise this, but how it’s announced makes a massive difference. For me, sharing the pain with **** is the only thing that helps. 

Being sent a photo of an ultrasound, and a gushing message that I get to share my birthday, was the hardest way to receive a pregnancy announcement. 

You didn’t know where I was, who I was with or what I was doing.

I am exited for you, and yes I know what you have been through too, but that way I thought at least thought you may have had some idea and some tact around how you told me. God knows I wouldn’t have told you on viber with a photo of the one thing I so desperately want but don’t have. 

Sorry, I just need some time to figure out where I am at. 

Congratulations again, I hope all goes well. 

———-

She’s since rung a mutual friend and is apparently really annoyed that I’m not happy for her. So.. AITA?


***
Oh man. Blown up. I’m so sorry. Yup been to therapy. Got it I’m a jerk! I feel awful. And I’ll be sending an apology email. Shiiiit what a jerk.

Second edit: got it. ITA. I feel sick and awful. I think it was just the nail in the coffin (as someone has said) in a really competitive friendship where I’ve always felt competed against. But I know that is NO excuse. Got it got it I’m a jerk.So me and my friend from college were both art majors with COMPLETELY different styles and I'm not saying one is better than the other, but art is all about the viewer's taste.

She messaged me the other day asking for any thoughts on a specific edit she was working on. Here are the exact messages, M=me, F=friend.

M: um

i mean

we're so differenti feel like the textures need more correlation

&#x200B;

F: just bc we have different styles doesn't mean you can't give proper feedback

additionally it's kinda rude to always repeat it

&#x200B;

M: i just did give proper feedback

&#x200B;

F: like i'm well aware you don't like my art lmao

so no need to keep telling me just give the feedback without the backhanded compliment

&#x200B;

M: i'm just saying i'm probably not the smartest person and not to take my feedback super seriously because our outcomes meet different goals

so it's tough for me to see the outcome u desire because my brain doesn't work that way

it's not backhanded

&#x200B;

F: well whether it is or it isn't it's rude

&#x200B;

M: to me i need more correlation

&#x200B;

F: then just say that

&#x200B;

M: how is it rude saying that we have different styles goddamn

&#x200B;

F: it's rude to constantly say that "um" "we are just different." i'm not asking u to compare our art im asking you to provide feedback w/o those constant remarks. just say it needs to correlate more. don't need to say "um"

&#x200B;

M: ok sorry for the um

&#x200B;

F: and theres no need to catch an attitude when im addressing something that's hurtful and not at all beneficial to me

&#x200B;

M: just needed a moment to process. just needed to collect my thoughts. if u said hey here's a situation in my life, in any subject, boys, family, whatever, if i have to think i'd probably start with "um" it's just me acknowledging that it shows i read ur message but i'm thinking

&#x200B;

F: it's just every time i send you my art u always remind me how it's different and it comes off in a way that you obviously don't like it. and thats fine im aware we have different styles. im bringing it up bc i would like u to stop saying that and just give advice whether its good or bad. its not the criticism, i want that. what i dont want is u reminding me every time. im asking u bc i value ur thoughts and opinions. if i wanted to ask someone else w/ similar style i would. im not asking for an apology or for reasons as to why u said what u said. im just asking for the next time u just give the criticism or advice.

&#x200B;

M: noted

&#x200B;

F: k.

&#x200B;

truth is, no i don't like her art. i'm not saying its bad bc art is subjective, but it's not my style. so it's hard for me to give criticism on something that doesn't at all appeal to me, but i try and be as helpful as i can. to me, saying "um" and "we have different styles" just  as a refresher that my ideal outcome of her work isn't going to be the same as her ideal outcome, didn't warrant such a response.

AITA??

&#x200B;

edit: formatting

2nd edit: also, the reason for my "noted" response was that it was made clear that no matter what i said, she wouldn't like it. she said she's not asking for an apology or reasoning behind my responses, so i just simply said "noted" and she obviously didn't like that either because she hit me back with the "K"Anyway, my friend and I went to go view the Gentlemen in cinemas, and due to the heavy traffic in the area, I showed up 10 minutes through no fault of my own. As soon as I got there, I was immediately in a verbal argument with my friend over showing up a few minutes late, he then started saying that there was no way that we could watch the movie, despite the fact there would be a decent amount of ads before the film, and we then decided to try and get in before he announced to the ticket seller that he had no Id, and could not prove his age, stopping us from seeing the movie. After this he called me an asshole and stated it was my fault for showing up late, before leaving. I feel as if this ruined the entire experience.

AITAMy partner wants to take our child to a religious church group to play. We live in a remote rural area so opportunities to play close by are limited, but we do go to the swimming pool and an indoor play area in town ten miles away. We know the church in this area (1 mile away) preach Earth is 5000 years old, science is garbage etc, and that they harbor some other very old fashioned and potentially damaging views. The churches have had sex scandals, that involved leaders of the church sleeping with married ladies. I’m not white, although I look white, and several members of the church have expressed their own kinda racist ideology to me.

I have some values that are similar to Christian values, but I’m not “religious”.

I said to my partner that I don’t want us involved with that group of church going people. My wife says it’s only for our child to play and it would be ok.

AITA?Hi this is my first post on reddit but i need some advice im 17 and have been working for about a year my mom has been addicted to smoking crack for about two years and has stolen my stepdads card and wasted all his money on her highs drives then to add she leaves for hours at a time and doesn't come home until the next day (just some background) but last night she broke in my room in the middle of the night begging for me to give her $50 when she just came home from a high drive but i have given her so much money to cover for her not to mention she has taken my card and spent all my money more than once and im sick of it so i said no as she begged me for 40 minutes at 12 at night now shes not even talking to me because of this was i in the wrong?So about an hour ago, my mom came into my room and saw a glass of water I was sipping from. It was around 7:30 PM, and she started telling me things like "That's not good for you" "It's bad for your health to drink water this late in the night". As a background, I'm 16 years old and can take care of myself quite well. I replied "It's only 7:30."

She said, "Well, didn't you drink a glass at dinner?"

I said, "Yeah. So?"

"So you filled a second glass of water, came upstairs and you're drinking it now at 7:30?"

"Yes..." I'm getting annoyed at this point.

"So this is your second glass of water tonight. That's not healthy, you're going to have to go to the bathroom and you won't be able to sleep."

"I mean it's only 7:30" I reiterate, wondering why we're arguing about this.

"It's not good for you" I keep trying to tell her it's just water and that 7:30 PM is a perfectly acceptable time to drink a glass of water but she isn't getting convinced. It's a school night and I have a lot of work, so I'm trying to work on my essay while I talk to her. Eventually, though, I get a little irritated.

I say, "Mom, I think I can decide when the right time is to drink my water."

Mom flies off the handle. She starts ranting about how I'm ungrateful, how I'm rude and I can't understand that she just has good intentions. I tell her I understand that, but that I'd really like to not have an argument about when I drink water. She continues to rant at me and then storms out of my room after saying "If you're going to be so rude, I might as well just leave."

I'm completely confused at this point, so I just say, "No, what?"

"You obviously don't appreciate me enough, I should just leave. You didn't even apologize to me." Is along the lines of what she said. I'm in my room right now, still trying to figure out WTF happened, why I just had a full blown debate about drinking water, and why I should be apologizing.

AITA for according to my mom trying to make her good intentions into a bad thing and make her seem like a helicopter parent?

EDIT: Thank you for all your replies. After reading through them I've had a conversation with my mom about it. She still thinks I shouldn't be drinking it so late, but accepts that I can make my own decisions about it. Progress, I think!Context: I am in an acting program in University. There is this guy (let's call him D) in my class that always rubs people the wrong way. He makes unnecessary comments, he "mansplains" a lot of things, etc. It seems like he has some anxiety or worry around not being right and not being part of the conversation. But he has terrible work ethic, is very loud and seems to have no regard for anyone else sometimes. Which is unfortunate because I've seen him be very caring and nice, but those moments are so rare.

Anyways, he spent our entire first semester promoting auditions and then the presentation dates for a show he was directing. Every day, every class, once if not twice a class, he would talk about it, yell it out or run to the front of class during announcements to tell people about it. I thought the madness would be over after his show was done. This semester, some of his friends and other very talented artists have worked together to create a wonderful show. D works at the door for box office for the night showings. He spoke about the show twice in class, which is very low and I appreciated that. However, he once again brought it up in our class group chat and when he was asked why he kept talking about it he responded 
"I'm bringing it up because no one from our class was there." 
The reality of the situation is, we're all very busy, most of us work 1 or 2 jobs, if not more. Some of us just dont want to see the show in general. This is where I think I may be deemed the asshole, after that remarque I wrote
"We have things to do, and it's possible some of us just dont want to go see the show. I understand you're excited and you loved the show, but promoting it 18 times isnt going to compel me more to go see it if I can't or dont want to."
He answered:
"I believe I have mentioned the show three times now but thank you for the hyperbole."
I apologized if it sounded rude, but explained my point of view and he responded once more about how we was proud of his friends. No one in the group chat seemed to agree with me, although no one had said anything. I know my opinion of his is biased, because I've had so many bad experiences with him, but looking back now I think I may have gone a bit too far.

AITA?(Sorry for grammar in advance english isn't my first language)

Backstory : So yea the thing is that since my childhood the relationship with my mother and I was kinda toxic. Like I got critisised a lot for very minor things a lot and she always wanted to push me down and make me feel bad. She wasn't really interested in my problems and stuff like that with a lot of depressed thoughs on my end (I dont want to say to many details but it was some serious  stuff that I didnt really comprehanded at the time)

Actual confict : I had some serious talk with my brother about the whole situation at home and after it I decided that I wanted to go live with my dad (the werent together anymore since I was 2 years) because I had a much better conection with him even after seeing him not often. So at home I called my brother that he can pick me up and bring me to my dad (dad wasnt at home so he couldnt come). The situation escalated bc my mother made a scene even after she said often she wanted me to leave. She said stuff like "You will regret that betrail" " You died for me you never need to return for anything" "You are playing a sick game". So even that she said she wanted me to leave she now made everything to make me look bad (telling lies about me to friends and family). 

And now I dont wana have any contact with her and idk if it is good that I reacted like that even after the mental trauma I got from the whole thing I still give me the fault for everything that happend . So I ask you am I the asshole here ?

(and again sorry if it was hard to read)I apologize I’m using mobile for this post. I (20f) and my roommate (19f) live in a dorm building that is like an apartment complex. This building has 22 floors and 20 rooms per floor.
I’m an engineering student and she is ultrasound technician and we both have classes/labs in the early morning.

Yesterday my roommate was going down to the main floor to talk to the front desk staff about a maintenance issue and one of our neighbours (a younger man living two doors down the hall), was just going into his room when he stopped and followed my roommate into the elevator. To be clear, she had never met him prior to that encounter. 
When they reached the main floor he went right back up to his room, while she talked to the front desk staff. Right after she got back, he knocked on our door and asked to speak with her. He asked her out, and she politely refused, explaining that she was doing homework and that she had a boyfriend. At that point he asked her to speak with me, and he proceeded to ask me to hang out and shoot pool. I refused because I was writing a lab report due the next day. He then tried to strike up a conversation, but my roommate told him that we were both busy and shut the door. After he left, my roommate commented on how the guy really creeped her out, and I felt the same way. 
Later in the night my roommate and I had both gone to bed, and I was sleeping when I suddenly woke up. At first I thought the noise was the building shifting or someone upstairs doing something, and I checked the time to see that it was one A.M. I settled down to go back to sleep because I had an interview around eight thirty and I wanted to be as well rested and ready as possible for it, but the knocking occurred again. 
Then I hear mumbling from outside the door, so I assumed that my neighbours across the hall were shutting down a small party and chatting. And the knocking occurs again. Around 1:20 I finally get up and I sneak out of my room (the walls in this building are very thin) and I peered out the peephole to see what was going on, because maybe it was one of the RA’s knocking on the door or the neighbours’ across hall drunk/high friends. It was the guy from two doors down and he had leaning against the wall and knocking on the door. 
I went back to bed hoping he’d get the hint that after twenty minutes neither of us were awake and leave. But no. He knocked for another ten minutes and I finally had enough and went to the door. 
The first words out of my mouth were ‘What the actual fuck?’ 
And he smiled and chimed in as I was saying it, and started saying ‘your roommate-‘ but I cut him off. 
I told him ‘It’s like one in the morning, get the fuck out of here,’ and shut the door. I went back bed and heard more mumbling and he knocked twice after that as well. After that he left.
I usually don’t lose my temper and was starting to actually feel kinda bad about handling it in the way I did, so I was wondering reddit, AITA?Here's the dilemma - I work in a small office which is set up as a big open space and a few senior coworkers have their own semi-private offices with a wall separating us from them the rest of the open space. We have a small communal kitchen. 

Sara came in on Monday with the sniffles. 

Tuesday it was the sniffles + sore throat (she sounded awful). 

Today it's all that plus a persistent cough ( she has also complained that she feels cold despite the office being a furnace - which makes me think she's running a fever).

She is one of the senior workers with her own space that keeps her 'separated' from the rest of us, so she is not really in contact with the staff besides when she uses the communal kitchen. 

At the same time, I have very limited number of sick days available to me, and if I were to get sick for an extended period of time, I would not be able to afford it. Plus, as petty as this sound, the constant coughing is driving me up the walls. 

WIBTA if I mentioned that she probably should probably leave and call it a day? Or should I just stay in my lane and suck it up?I have a 7 month old daughter and for Christmas she was given a few toys that she isn't able to play with just yet (they are for older kids). I do appreciate any and all gifts given to her, it's nice that family members want to buy her things but I was thinking recently about selling them since they are unopened so that I could put it towards things I find to be more useful for her like rash cream, formula, food pouches, clothing and stuff like that. She has A LOT of toys already so it isn't like she is deprived of them, I just feel a bit guilty selling something that someone bought for her..  WIBTA if I sell them to buy her other things she could use more?My husband recently purchased a bikini-style bathing suit. He's always worn "regular" swim shorts, but took a departure from his normal routine. The suit is quite revealing with just enough fabric to cover his private bits.

We're currently visiting my parents condo in Florida and each morning my mom (63) and the other ladies from the area get together in the pool for aerobics. About 15 old white ladies. My husband has brought several bathing suit options including his bikini and his trunks with him on this trip.

As we were leaving for the pool, I saw him grab his bikini to bring. That's when I asked him if he would please bring a different bathing suit, as I thought it would be more appropriate given the audience. This is where I have a more conservative view, though I'm not typically conservative in many other aspects.

He's very offended now and doesn't want to be near me. I'm thinking I should have kept my mouth shut and I feel like shit. Am I entitled to an opinion and should I be able to express it in a private way, or should I be more woke and let him wear whatever he wants and deal with my insecurities myself?

Ugh.So my father asked me to take him to the airport (1:15 hr round ride) this Friday morning (7:00 am). Thing is, I work part time and study so my schedule is tight. I wake up early to exercise (6:30 am). He asked me to exercise Thursday night and give him a ride the next morning.
The gas money it would take would be around half of what an Uber costs. I said come on, why should I mess up my schedule?
I still have stuff to do Thursday Night, even though I could push it to the weekend. I still refused, he got upset.

Am I being an asshole?Hi I know in America tipping is part of the culture. In the UK due to minimum wage it’s more optional. We have a minimum wage which is a legal requirement so tipping doesn’t make up staff earnings so much. It’s a nice thing to do but not essential like in America.
Despite this I often do tip when I can afford to but sometimes I find myself low on funds I don’t tip then.

So recently before heading to a comedy night. I had paid for the night in advance. I had some time to kill and was hungry so Iwent to a buffet alone. This place you order and pay at the end. I only had £30 which was all I had till Pay day in two days. The bill was £17. I was planning to have drinks with friends later.
AITA for not leaving the £3
I normally would have left the change as a tip but it was so close to payday the £30 was all I had. So I took the change and left.
I did feel bad I admit.
The staff shot me looks when I took the change. I’m worried I might have been to cheap. Still I did pay the bill and normally do tip.
Yes I know I probably shouldn’t have been out but technically I did have the money for what I did that night just not much left over 
So AITA?I became friends with this guy at college around 6 or so months ago and we immediately hit it off and became great friends. Eventually I started developing feelings for him. I never told him I liked him because I'm not a confrontational person. Instead, I just let my feelings for him grow stronger. He showed no signs of reciprocating my feelings until a few weeks ago.

I really thought things could work out between us until just a few days ago when he posted a long Facebook rant about how ugly he is and how much he hates himself. When I confronted him about it, he deleted the post and refused to acknowledge it. This pissed me off for obvious reasons.

I began to get increasingly worried about his mental health. I tried my best to suggest therapy, be there for him, remind him of what a great person he is and how much he means to me but he wouldn't accept it and would just shoot down my attempts to help him. 

Our relationship/friendship wasn't the same after that. There is now a painful awkward tension between us that doesn't seem to be going away. He still insists on talking every day but I can't help but be annoyed because it feels like he's pushing me away while simultaneously trying to keep me in his life. My reason for wanting to cut him off is the fact that I still have strong feelings for him, too strong for us to remain just friends and I don't want to get hurt. I'm conflicted because he is emotionally damaged and doesn't have many friends as is. What do?So basically me and my sister have a song that Ive always considered to be "our song". I thought she did too.

It has a verse in it about siblings and sibling love and we're really close and it describes our situation almost perfectly. 

But theres also a romantic love verse in the song and apparently she showed it to her gf and now according to her gf its "their song".

I was kinda upset cause I like the gf, I really do, shes really nice and she's a great friend, but it upset me because it was supposed to be mine and my sisters song.

I talked to my sister about it and she said that its not that important and that it can be our song and her and her gfs song.

We havent talked about it since because Im afraid of being the asshole but it really does make me upset. Am I overreacting here?

EDIT: guys I know that a song can be special to more people and that I dont "own" it. Idc if other people think its special to their relationship, the only reason its upsetting me is because me and my sister considered it special and now my sister and her gf do too, and it feels like shes brushing me off. Thats why.So, I know the title probably makes me seem childish, but please bear with me.

I'm one of those people who absolutely can't stand the sound of people eating with their mouth open. I don't mind noises people can't help making i.e crunching but with their mouth closed, that doesn't bother me at all. But my moms boyfriend has the worst table manners of any grown man I've ever seen.

First off, he doesn't wait until everybody is seated and ready to eat no matter how many times we all tell him. And the way he eats... it sounds silly but it just puts me in a bad mood, I really can't help it. I can't enjoy my food with him smacking his lips, rolling food around on his tongue for everyone to see, slurping, burping, talking with his mouth full and all that. He eats with his mouth wide open, I've even seen bits off food fall from his mouth a couple of times, it makes me feel sick. He eats just like my grandfather did when his dentures got loose and kept falling out.

My mom has always been big on everyone sitting at the table and eating together, but in the end I just had to tell her that I couldn't stand it anymore. Now she's telling me that I'm being silly, that it's only a few days a week I have to put up with it and to get over myself.

Am I being the asshole? At the end of the day I just want to be able to enjoy my food instead of eating it as fast as I can just so I can get away.So, my girlfriend and I went on a trip we had been planning for a year and I paid off my credit card in preparation.  Money was tight during the week long convention (we went to katsucon) so I used said card a lot and we came back with me owing three or four hundred on it and she felt guilty. I'm more than willing to forgive the debt as she has been wonderful during my times unemployed and I feel line I'm merely returning the favors she had done me years ago

She however seems distressed when I brought this up, am I the asshole for using a credit card to ensure we had a good time and not minding paying the expenses off without help? I feel if I keep insisting she doesnt have to that it may be bad.I live in a traditional country and my family is titled. Due to family relations, there are many rules I have to follow with one being how I address my parents, I am not allowed to call them anything but Mama/Papa, Mother/Father and Ma’am/Sir because other addresses are not seen as respectful enough.

I always follow this when we are not in the privacy of our land (when we’re with other members of the family, at functions, soirées, meetings et cetera). However; when I am alone with my parents, I refer to them as mummy and daddy because it is a lot more loving and affectionate to me.

The issue occurred 2 nights ago when my uncle (primary title holder) unexpectedly popped over and heard me inform my mother I would be down in a moment for tea because I referred to her as ‘mummy’. He blew his fuse and is not absolutely furious with me for “representing our family in a negative light” because I ought to be old enough to do so (16). My parents are not angry but have told me to be more careful and I was just wondering if I was in the wrong.I live in Crown Heights, Brooklyn with my girlfriend on the top floor of a four story walk up. It's an old building with hardwood floors. One of the first nights after we moved in we admittedly blasted music on our speakers while we were unpacking on a Friday night until around 12:30a. 

Our downstairs neighbor wrote us a note reminding us that we had neighbors and giving us a bottle of wine. We wrote her a note back saying that we'd be mindful and gave her a different bottle of wine back.

After that she wrote us a couple notes with complaints about topics ranging from the drawers on our bed making noise to the volume of our TV to me walking out the door early one morning clomping my shoes. 

We've become pretty proactive. I try to play video games with my headphones on. I make people take their shoes off in the house. We've put down carpets in the living room area and under our couch drawers. I have foam pads under my speakers (Elac bookshelves). I permanently turned off our subwoofer once she started complaining about the TV.

Eventually she wrote to us to say that she was going to stop writing notes and start calling 311/ the police. It's honestly been a relief. I've found the online database and she calls about the TV about every other week about. One time she called 311 or the police after we'd moved a couch at 9p/10p to prepare for couch cleaners to come the next day.

This weekend, I organized a surprise birthday party for my girlfriend. I literally planned the timing around the neighbor. I had people come at 8p and we all left at 11:30p for a bar. The music wasn't even particularly loud, just to give it that party vibe. Everyone took off their shoes. From the police logs she called three times starting around 10p. The logs never show the police finding any evidence of her complaints -- and I've never heard anything from the police. 

She doesn't come by or anything. I talked to her one time and just had a kind of puzzled expression when she complained about what had felt like a normal night of TV watching.

Our building's owner/manager has never said anything. I brought it up one time and he seemed totally nonplussed. We haven't received any complaints from any of our other neighbors. We can't even hear our downstairs neighbor ourselves!

She used to live in our apartment and moved to the apartment below. I don't know why. I'd guess she regrets that decision.

Am I the asshole here?Pardon the formatting, I'm on mobile.

I (21m) work at my local gas station with some other people that I'm pretty good friends with. One of them (we'll call him Grayson) is only 18. He's vapes, despite knowing how bad nicotine is.

I helped Grayson quit recently. I bought him the nicotine gum, he was using it and had pretty much kicked the stuff all together after a month or so. The important part here is that I purchased the nicotine gum, since you cannot buy tobacco products if you're under 21 (as of last December).

That all changed in February, when all cartridge- and pod-based flavored nicotine products were banned. A popular brand of vapes, NJOY, came out with a flavored disposable e-cigarette, which circumvents the ban since it's not a cartridge- or pod-based product.

Grayson wanted to try the new product, and now he's back to vaping again, essentially erasing all the progress he made just because he wanted to try the new item.

WIBTA if I asked for Grayson to pay me back for all the nicotine gum I bought him?

EDIT WITH MORE CONTEXT: He had asked me to buy the gum for him. He wanted to pay me back but I told him it wouldn't be necessary since I wanted to see him quit.Me (24) and my mom (58) have always had a great relationship.  But weve always seen differently on the subject of faith. Was raised catholic my while life but towards the end of high school,  i mean you know how it goes.

I havent been a practicing catholic in a long time. My mom knows and we've had this conversation many many times. She always gets very emotional.  Wants me to have a relationship with god and hates that i disown the idea. Which is not true and ive teied explaining to her. I dont not believe in god but i dont confine myself within a religion i mean. Idk. Its been like this for forever i studied alot of differetn faiths.

But whatever i digress.  Thruought my young adult life i always lied about my faith to her to keep her happy. I mean i dont want her to stress about it because that what she does. Lied about my faith, going to church, yadda yadda.

As a more grown self i feel weird still doing this. She called me today to remind me of ash Wednesday and asked me to refrain from meat as per tradition.  I told her i would.....im not lol cant keep me away from lunch nuggets i swear to god.

Am i the asshole?I guess this is more of an etiquette thing that’s been on my mind. Most recently there’s this guy in one of my class that has non-stop been sniffing for the past 30 minutes or so. I glanced at his direction and noticed that his nose is red and figured he’s sick. I know what it’s like to be sick, especially with the sniffles, and having to go to class because it’s mandatory. I kinda sympathize with him, but in the back of my mind I wonder if anyone else notices it and finds it to be a bit of a annoyance too because the professor is lecturing. A decent amount of minutes has passed and I decided to offer him a tissue, not because of anything but mainly because I know what it’s like to not have a tissue when you have the sniffles. Personally I hate that feeling and find it to be a annoyance of a situation, so I thought maybe he wouldn’t mind the gesture. After some contemplated I thought I should just go for it, because if he does need it then it’ll be great that I’m able to offer some help. I wanted to say “Sorry, don’t mean no offense but do you need some tissue,” while handing him some, but ended up tapping him and saying “Do you need tissues,” while pointing to my tissues. He shook his head no and we just left it at that. I don’t want to appear as rude and it’s not how I wanted to come off, but AITA?Eight months ago I met my bf at a specific technology (ST) -oriented meetup. Prior to that, I had been going to those for about three months and engaging with other members. The leader of this group (K) asked my bf to be in charge of part of an upcoming conference. I volunteered to help and he seemed happy to accept. I don’t work in the ST field like he does, but I started educating myself on it months before he started learning about it. Also I have experience giving presentations and managing projects and business relationships, which I thought were valuable skills I could bring to the committee (consisting of me, bf, and another guy “G”). My bf and I are both very passionate about ST and I was beyond excited to be able to do this with him.


We had our first video chat meeting 2 weeks ago - the 3 of us plus K. We had our 2nd one last night, in which a consultant joined us. The consultant introduced himself, then K introduced himself and prompted my bf to introduce himself. My bf and I were sitting next to each other and visible in the same camera, so after he introduced himself I tried to introduce myself. K cut me off and asked G to introduce himself. Then my bf shared his screen and started talking about ideas for the conference.


I felt really awkward about it, like this consultant is just going to see me as “the girlfriend” and doesn’t even know why I’m there. The conversation was basically confined to the four men. I was never asked for my opinion, no one paused if they saw me indicating that I wanted to say something. About halfway through the call I started to feel really upset and went on the bed. I had tears streaming down my face but was keeping quiet so I wouldn’t interrupt the call. Then I started hearing ideas that I helped come up with get discussed (with no credit to me) and I really started to lose it, I was shaking & hyperventilating & had to plug my ears with my fingers so I wouldn’t get even more upset.


After the call ended I explained to my bf that I got upset because no one made any effort to include me. I said it made me feel like I wasn’t valued, and therefore, I wanted to quit the committee. My bf got very mad at me, told me that I was valued, that he was offended I would quit over this, and that I was weak and was killing our future together. 


He said how was I supposed to be included when I left halfway through? He told me he asked for input from me at the end but I didn’t respond. I explained I couldn’t hear him because I had to plug my ears to calm down and he said “don’t say we didn’t give you an opportunity.”


I asked him why no one made sure I got a chance to introduce myself at the beginning. He said he didn’t do it because I appeared anxious (I was not at all anxious and I don’t know why he’d think that). K said he didn’t introduce me because my bf’s camera shut off right then (even though I was visible on his camera up until that point).


My bf & I have been arguing about this since it happened. AITA?Early on, when our baby was having trouble sleeping through the night, the boyfriend and I decided together on a baby caring schedule. 5:30am to 12pm, baby is mine. 12pm to 10pm are duel hours, and 10pm to 5:30am are his hours. He considers himself a night owl and never goes to bed early, so he thought night shift was best for him.

When I'm in charge of the bundle, I try very hard not to wake my sleeping partner. I stay out of the room as much as possible and, even if I could really use the help, endure and keep at it. More often then not, BF actually sleeps in until 2pm. 

When he's in charge, if baby wakes up, he's murrping and crying until I inevitably wake up and sit up to check on him. Only when the bedsprings creak does Dad come in to save the day. Then, every morning at around 3am or 4am he comes into the room, sets baby down in his bassinet, and crawls into bed. If baby wakes up, he whines, literally whines, about how he's been up for hours and won't sleep. Sick of the shit, I usually get up and calm the baby down. More often then not, he's just hungry. 

I have trouble falling asleep. My mind wanders. I realize that this is not my BF's responsibility, and never hold that against him, but I don't feel that I'm getting enough sleep. 

I've suggested to BF that he should come to bed earlier. Baby usually sleeps from 7pm to 12am. That's a good five hours there he could be sleeping and preparing to put the little guy back down when he awakens. But no. He'd rather wait until he is so tired that he's a cranky butt before coming to bed.
 
I just want to sleep until my time. I've tried rolling over and going back to sleep, but the guy will lay there and whine about how long baby's been awake, triggering my guilt complex until I get up to help or take the baby altogether. Then he'll be all like "Oh no, it's not your time yet. Give the baby to me." and wobble on his feet. Yeah. Real genuine. So genuine that, when I refuse, he hops straight into bed and falls asleep like it's nothing. I'm just...so tired.

I kind of want to give him a taste of his own medicine. Go in at 8am and let the baby cry, or crawl into bed for a nap at 10am and just expect him to get up and take care of the little darling.

AITA for feeling this way? WIBTA if I actually did it? How do I stop enabling him when I can't bear to hear the sound of my little one in distress?I'm currently in a graduate program in Southern California, which as you know has many influences from different cultures, depending on the area you're in. The area my school is in has influences from Arab/Persian, Hispanic, and Asian cultures, but different communities are segregated. I've been living in the area since I was 17 (I'm 23).  When I moved here, I integrated myself more to the arab and hispanic communities in the area since I'm arab and most of the friends I made were hispanic. However, I do admit that I stayed a little ignorant about asian culture as I didn't make close enough friends with asians in our community, and therefore didn't integrate myself into their community enough to know about different authentic foods, important celebrations, customs, etc. I was always willing to learn but never really had anyone to help me learn, if that makes sense?

So in my cohort in our program, many of them grew up outside Southern California (international, east coast, northern states). A lot of them are also of Asian backgrounds so a lot of our group activities have been centered around Asian culture, such as celebrating Lunar New Year, having potlucks with Asian food, etc. It's been super interesting and a lot of fun learning about different asian cultures, and even learning about asian politics because it's been a point of discussion many times. However, I've noticed my friends in my cohort have been stuck in a bubble about our community because they never really leave the area around our school and have only really been here for a couple of months. So they'll make comments about stuff that are incorrect, like "XXX is super asian, like everything is asian here and not a lot of other cultures" which is super incorrect and has always annoyed me that they made blanket statements like that. One of my friends also argues about it with me when I point it out. 

Anyway, this became a huge point of discussion yesterday when I made a comment about wanting to go to Mexico for spring break because I've always been interested in going there and finally have enough money to go. I also asked if anybody would be interested in going with me. One of the people in my cohort said he never really saw the point in going to Mexico. I told him that it'd be interesting to go see a different culture and history, and he responded by saying "What culture is in Mexico? Can't you go see it in San Diego?" plus that "He's asian and already learned enough culture already". I told him that it was extremely ignorant to say that and people were backing him up saying that I'm being hypocritical since I'm essentially a white girl (I am half white) who's lived in California for 6 years but never learned anything about Asian culture. I don't see myself as being hypocritical though because I never dismissed another culture as being "unimportant to learn". I just can't tell if I am being ignorant myself now that I think about it.Sorry for the length. 

Bitta backstory: My (27F) mum's biological parents divorced when she was a kid. My pa remarried, and I grew up knowing his new wife as my gran. I only ever saw my bio grandmother a handful of times in my childhood. Mum died when I was 12. I last saw my grandmother at her wake.

In August, my bio grandmother reached out to my sister. My sister was very stand-offish (and we all believe she was in the right to do so). My grandmother said she had been following us silently on social media for years but didn't want to intervene. My sister argued that we really needed as much family as possible around and she just wasn't there (she's been known to just disappear without warning). I emailed my grandmother myself, opening a line of dialogue between us. I was angry and very confused, because it felt like she'd abandoned us when we really needed her. Over time I've come to soften my stance, and I've found that I actually really enjoy getting to know my grandmother.

I let my pa know that I was back in contact with her. I told him if it makes him uncomfortable that I would stop, but I was enjoying talking to her. He told me to be cautious, but overall my life was mine to live and if I wanted to communicate with her, he would respect it. In saying that, he's now cut off contact with me. I've heard from my uncle that he thinks I'm going against him...what does that even mean? 

My sister isn't thrilled with me talking to her but she can respect it. I don't bring it up with her because she doesn't want to know about it. My brother doesn't really care about the situation.

I feel like I've let down my pa and gran. In saying that, I haven't seen them in over a year because I stopped making the effort to see them (we live an hour away from each other and they always make excuses to never visit - I'm always the one to make the trip).

I feel kinda crappy but also I'm happy to have some kind of family to talk to. I also feel like I'm learning more about the family and I love that.

So, AITA for reconnecting with my grandmother after 14 years?My third post on this subreddit, thank you for the opinions on my two previous posts, it really helps to have another opinion even if you’re the asshole or not. Cause we all have our asshole moments and no one is perfect, so why not have other people learn from your mistakes as well as learning what you did wrong?

Backstory: I’m a 14F with some health issues, so I’ve never really had a normal childhood- I’ll admit, my parents have spoiled me from time to time and praised me when I didn’t deserve praise for most- which has built up a bit of an egotistical nature on my part of always thinking that at some point in the situation I was right or was thinking right.

My Dad is a truck driver, so he isn’t home a lot. He loves me and my brothers but he just isn’t as involved as he would like.

My eldest brother has mental illness and substance abuse issues, which has affected my family monumentally.

My brother before he was clean now (A few months now, so proud of him!!) would have outbursts over small things, cereal that he didn’t like being on the shelf, not getting a ride somewhere etc etc.

Whenever my brother would have these outbursts I would text my dad who wouldn’t be home and vent to him.

This royally pissed my mom off for some reason that I still can’t wrap my head around, and acted like an asshole.

But the problem is, I couldn’t confide in her for these issues because that would also upset her.

So I stopped confiding in my dad and bottled up my emotions about the situations, I was still at that point in therapy (I have an attachment issue to my mom) where I wouldn’t go into the room without her, so I couldn’t confide in my therapist alone or my mom would know something was up.

I got to a point where I only confided one my mom to things that wouldn’t upset her, so a reasonable amount of my issues stemming from my brother were left untouched.

This pissed my dad off because he was no longer as involved in my life- which I can understand. 

But the way how he complains about it to me like I’m an asshole really makes me feel bad.

So reddit, AITA?I need an external unbiased point of view on this because to put things into perspective.

To put some context on the situation and relationship, my friend (24F) and I (23M) have been pretty close in the last little while, I would see her nearly everyday and we regularly go out just the two of us and we text every day. Usually fairly open about things in our lives, talking about things that are on her mind, sharing things she doesn't share with anyone else (she explicitly stated that, not just an assumption) etc. 

Recently haven't had the chance to hang out as much, work and other things in life just kinda took time. So I've been trying to find a time for us to hang out. Every time I've been asking, she leaves me hanging saying things like "yeah maybe we'll see" and closer to the time I suggested she says no. I think it's fine, she's still busy or tired. Even texting seems more distant and she leaves my messages hanging. Whatever I know she has a lot with work. But then she mentions she's catching up with friends on several occasions over the next 2 weeks. 

She keeps blowing me off when I ask to hang out and dodges my messages while she seemingly hangs out with others even more. I finally ask if something is wrong, if I did anything or hurt her and that it feels like she's avoiding me. She says she sometimes needs some space to breathe. I tell her that I can respect that but that nonetheless it feels personal since she hangs out with others but blows me off and that if that is the case I'd rather she tell me what is wrong than avoid me. After that she simply got angry, saying she wasnt hurt before but now is and basically doesn't want to talk to me for now.

So I'm a bit at a loss because I'm not sure if I'm taking something personally when it isn't personal, and I'm confused why it looks like she needs space from me only when we haven't even spent as much time as we usually do lately.

AITA for no seeing she needed space earlier? should I not have asked anything after she stated she needs space?  is my view biased and I'm missing something?I know that sounds terrible, but hear me out.

I'm taking my daughter to the zoo a few hours from us for her 3rd birthday in a couple weeks. The people who were originally going to go were, her(obviously) me and her father, her friend, and my parents. Just recently my parents got another foster kid, lets call her stacy. I didn't *not* like stacy at first, she earned it. 

After they got Stacy my mom brought her and her friend over to my house to hang out. I pulled some art supplies for my daughter out for them and told them to have at it. We just got two new cats. They were still terrified of new people and very skiddish. Stacy was immediately obsessed with the cats. She tried getting behind the couch to their hiding place and i told her not to because they're still scared and barging into their hiding place isn't going to help matters. I then went into my room for literally 30 seconds and when i came back she was behind my couch, pulling my cat out from under the couch by her hind legs. I was trying to be nice but i immediately didn't like the girl after that. I told her to get out from behind the couch and leave them alone. She continued to jump up from the table and lunge at them every time they made an appearance after that too. She completely disrespected me and my cats in my own home. I bit my tongue until they left. They also left a huge mess of art supplies and cut up paper after they left. The girl is 10, btw. 

So anyway, i called my mom to discuss the zoo situation, what we were doing, that kind of thing. She mentioned stacy coming with us. I told her absolutely not. She said "well she has to go! We can't get respit for her she's unstable!" Right, she's too unstable to have a babysitter for a day but not too unstable to go 3 hours away to a toddlers birthday party at a zoo. Right. I told her she's not coming and told her why. My mom said she's ten and didn't know what she was doing, and if she acts up they'll just make her sit in the car, but I'm sorry 10 is old enough to respect people in their homes and i don't want her to ruin the day because she cant obey the zoo orders or throws a fit etc. They said respit is too expensive, so i said if you dont want to get respit for her you can just stay home. 

AITA for putting my foot down about her coming? Should i be more lenient since she's in foster care and only 10? I feel like i get to make the decisions who gets to come to my daughters birthday and honestly feel a little ticked that my parents think they can bully me into letting them take her. What do you think?


Edit: i want to clarify my reasons for not wanting her to come. I'm not just salty about the disrespect at my house and want to purposely exclude her. She was very mean to my cats, she may not know she was terrifying them but the fact of the matter is, she terrified my cats. We're literally going to a place filled with animals, some we'll be able to pet or feed. I'm afraid she will scare away every animal we come close to and my daughter won't get a chance to pet or feed any of them.  That or she'll ignore park rules over and over again(like she did at my house) and get us all kicked out. If it was anywhere else or any other time i wouldn't care. But this is my childs birthday, a day all about her. She's never been to the zoo. And this isn't something we'll be able to do all the time, we're driving quite a while away to give my daughter a special day. And like i said, its a place filled with animals, she's proven she doesn't know how to respect animals. I don't want to exclude her but for the protection of my daughters day and the animals, i don't think its a good idea.

Edit #2- i did try to teach her how to interact with the cats, several times. She ignored me every single time. I told her probably 8 separate times she can't rush at the cats if she wants to pet them because she'll scare them off. I told her to sit still and slowly approach them calmly. I even got one of the cats to come to me and told her to slowly walk over to me and pet her, as soon as she turned her head and saw the cat on me she jumped out of her chair and ran over to me and immediately tried to pick her up. The cat scratched me trying to get away from her. I didn't just leave her on her own. I tried to teach her several times how to interact with them.


Edit #3- i told my parents we're just going to go by ourselves. Just mom, dad, and daughter the way we wanted to from the beginning. So stacy doesn't feel excluded and my daughter still gets to have a day all about her. No I'm not only doing this because of stacy. We didn't want my parents to go in the first place but they inserted themselves in the trip when i told them about it and then started inviting their own people. I only wanted it to be an intimate trip between parents and daughter but felt obligated to let them go since this zoo was a place i went with them as a child. But now its just going to be us like i wanted from the start. I'm going to be called TA for this too but this is my compromise.My (23M) sons and I just moved to a new neighbourhood that caters to young couples/new families (while my sons are 8 and 4, I found it hard to fit in with the people in my old neighbourhood as they were 15+ years older and super religious so thought this new neighbourhood would be a better fit). 

A couple days ago I met a fellow neighbour while my sons and I were waking our dog. He told me that the neighborhood has a Facebook group page and he added me to it. Later that day I curiously scrolled through the page. The page was plagued with posts from the guy who added me (who was the admin of the page) and his fiancé. There were at least five posts a day from them each and they treated the page like it was there own Facebook feed. Because of this I removed myself from the group and didn’t think much about it. 

The next day I saw the neighbour again. Right of the bat he mentioned that I didn’t seem to get added to the group page and he was going to try and re-add. Now I’m well aware that I could have played dumb and let him re-add me but, I could tell that if I did that and then un-added myself again, he was just going to keep bringing it up. So, to avoid all that I was honest up front and told him that I had removed myself from the page. He asked why and mentioned that the page was meant for neighbours to stay connect and share any updates or concerns. I said “you’re right. That does seem to be what the page is MEANT to be for. But, there were just too many irrelevant posts on there for my liking, so I removed myself to avoid  Unnecessary clutter on my feed.” 

The guy looked very offended and say “excuse me”. To avoid any further conflict I said, “well we better get going. Have a nice day.” 

Based on his reaction, I now wonder if I was too rude. AITa for leaving the group and being honest about why?
So I live with three other girls. One moved out (let’s call her M) in November last minute due to “not knowing her visa was expired”. Fine. We found a new roommate and she’s been great. However the girl reached out to one of the roommates who still lives in the apt. Let’s call her J. J told us that M would stay with us for a couple days and we said ok. Usually when people stay they stay in the room of the girl they’re staying with. M and the rest of us were not close, J&M would hangout together and that was fine. But come Monday, M said she was staying in the apt (in the living room of a flex) for three weeks :). When I told J she should move her into her room she said it’s too inconvenient. Meanwhile she’s been in the living room outside of our flex rooms (we only have a curtain separating us). After a while, J decided to tell M she could stay in her room for two nights but that she had to leave her room by Friday and live go completely. M is saying she doesn’t want to leave and J is ignoring the whole situation now. Mind you she’s using our utilities, soap, etc. and still had a habit for not taking out an overflowing trash can. So I guess she lives with us again? For almost a month lol. Am I the asshole for asking her to leave / asking the girl who made the miscommunication to have her in her room?As the title implies, my family is riddled with fights and feuds. A lot of them stem from my mother's behavior, which we think might be caused by an undiagnosed disorder. I don't want to publish too many details, but our concerns regard her sense of reality, mood swings and lack of boundaries. My mom has cut out everyone from her life who wasn't ''supportive'' (enabling), which at that point only left my siblings and I. My siblings have, over the years, then cut her out of their lives. By chance, I am the last one standing. Initially I kept in touch because I was worried what would happen if she didn't have anyone keeping an eye on her mental health, but our bond grew a lot closer over the years. For the past 15 years we've been our own brand of fucked up Gilmore Girls.   


We used to talk about the feuds but it would always result in the same horrible fight. She would say seriously fucked up things about family members and even celebrate their deaths. I couldn't deal with it anymore but was still too afraid to cut her out of my life, so I started blacklisting topics until there was nothing left. Now we're left with this hot potato of an explosive relationship. I've talked to her about therapy, I've shouted at her about therapy, I've offered to join her in therapy, but she's just not having it. I've given up on therapy.   


Fast forward to now, my grandmother is sick. She's received treatment but they've stopped and she will pass. I hadn't seen her in years, but after hearing the news, I've begun visiting her again. My maternal family have asked me not to tell my mother. My grandmother doesn't want to see or even deal with her anymore in her last months.  


It's all pretty straight forward, but I'm losing a lot of sleep. I feel like an asshole for lying to my mom but I also feel like an asshole for not being in touch with my family enough. I feel like an asshole for thinking my grandmother is justified in her choice but I also feel like an asshole for keeping this from my mom. I just feel like a big confused asshole and I need some insight. Thanks in advance.Context: I'm in 10th grade, and this is my second semester, at the beginning of this semester the teacher changed our places, so now my Annoying Friend (AN) is sitting next to me.

So, AN is a humorous type of guy, he is always joking, I mean ALWAYS joking, 24/7. his jokes are rarely funny, but it is fun to sit with him 15 minutes everyday, more than 15 minutes and becomes TORTURE.

He is always talking and joking during lessons, which  is extremely disrupting, and causes me to lose track of what my teacher is doing. I am afraid this will cause my grades to drop, and I've noticed all the teachers are annoyed by him and give me dirty looks, as if I'm his companion, and since our attitude counts in our grades; that will cause me to basically fuck up this semester.

So will I be the asshole If I told him I'd like him to move, or if I move myself?

I could also tell my teacher to move one of us but I feel that's like stabbing him in the back.Okay so I go to my friends house and see that he, a 21 year old man has a picture of Billie eilish as his background. So he’s just playing it off talking about how “she’s legal” and that her music is actually pretty good. So I take a picture of it on Snapchat, post it to my story and send it to my gc and he starts calling me extra and basically calls me an asshole.

If he didn’t want people to know, why even set it as his background?Im a homebody and i very much like to be home and watch tv while enjoying my dinner. 

Well my birthday is coming up this week and my girlfriend wants to take me out even tho ive insisted on only wanting to get a pie and some tacos and eat in. 

Today she asks me twice to go out sit in at a restaurant for dinner on a Friday night to celebrate even tho I've made it clear that I really hate going out to eat especially on busy nights.

She is now upset at me because i don't want to go out on my birthday and im just wondering if I'm an ahole here? Cause this is rather confusing since its supposed to be MY "special day".Sorry for the rambling, if you need clarification on anything just ask bc my ADHD brain is NOT functioning this morning. 

Me and my husband are not rich or even wealthy by any means. But we also do not live above our means. We decided to use our tax return to pay off ALL of our debts. So we are now debt free. We are buying a house within the next year (mortgage payment will be same as our rent) I work from home and while I don’t make a lot, I make enough to help cover bills and have extra left over. I also suffer from depression, ADHD, and PTSD, and cleaning is a trigger for my PTSD bc cleaning was an extreme abuse tactic when I was a child (imagine Joan Crawford bathroom scene in Mommy Dearest but worse) I obviously still do the basics bc you know life, kids, etc. So I told my mom last night that when we buy a house I’m thinking about getting a cleaning person once a week. Now that our money is not being tied down to debts, we do have the means to do it comfortably, but my mom asked if we won the lottery bc there for a while we WERE living paycheck to paycheck bc of our debts. Now we are not. And we won’t be when we buy a house either. I know having a cleaning person is a luxury. Hell, I’ve BEEN a cleaning lady. I feel like an asshole now bc I want this one luxury in my life. Me and my husband are no longer in debt and it is something that I can afford on my own if I truly wanted to even though hubs said he would pay it. So AITA for wanting a cleaning person?

Edit for some clarification: mom was NOT my abuser but she was also abused by the same person as a child (her mother, my grandmother) it took her 20 years to realize it but she’s finally getting help, but she still has some tendencies. She is trying though.So I’m 20/f and currently on a camping trip with a group of friends. Altogether we’re four girls, three guys (including my boyfriend). One of the girls, Lisa, recently came out and everybody was really supportive. Of course I was happy for her too because I think it takes guts to do something like that. However I wasn’t always like this, I was raised by very homophobic parents so it took me a while to break out of that mindset.
 
I like Lisa as a friend but shortly after she came out she started doing things that made me feel a bit uncomfortable. For example she used to touch me a lot. I noticed that she didn’t do this with other people. Another example is that one time she texted me a link to lesbian porn at like 2AM. What was especially weird is that the girls pretty much looked like us (same racial combination, skin complexion, hair etc). I thought that was creepy because she clearly went out of her way to search that up and then sent it to me. However it was a drunk text and the next day she apologized. Btw, she has never directly confessed her attraction to me or anything and I just don’t know how to approach it.


Anyway so we were setting up everything and Lisa said we should share a tent. She was really pushy and I said that I’d rather be with my bf. She told me that we should have a “girl’s night” and that I don’t always need my bf around. I told her that she can have a girls night with our other (female) friend but she straight up said she wants me. We argued and I bluntly told her that I don’t feel comfortable sleeping next to her. She looked really upset and walked away. Some of our friends went off to comfort her and when she came back she ignored me the whole time. 

My friends (mostly the girls) say I’m TA for making Lisa feel like shit. They said that it’s homophobic of me to refuse her because I obviously feel uncomfortable with her sexuality. My bf  and the guys defended me and said that Lisa needs to respect my wishes instead of being so stubborn. I felt so bad and started crying a little bit and my bf comforted me. He told the girls and Lisa that they’re being stupid (harsh, I know) and that I should be the one who gets an apology. 

I don’t know, I feel horrible about this whole thing. It definitely dampened the mood. I don’t think Lisa had any bad intentions and if another girl asked me I’d probably say yes. I’m anxious that it could be a sign of homophobia. So, AITA? 

**TL;DR My lesbian friend often makes me (straight girl) very uncomfortable. A group of us went on a camping trip together and she wanted to share a tent with me. I said no and some of my friends say I’m TA for that.**There is a beautiful WW2 memorial near my college. Students from my college and people who live near by take photos and selfies here for their Instagram or what not.

They literally pose next to graves . I pass by this place at least twice a day and always see people there taking selfies. This always bothered me. I've seen some people I know take selfies there but I've never spoken out about it cause I couldn't bother to deal with any kind of confrontation.

So yesterday a good friend of mine posted a selfie taken at the memorial next to a few hundred graves with a motivational caption. Since I know him well enough I told him that it's insensitive to use a WW2 memorial as a location for his photo shoot.I wasn't this straight forward but this is essentially what I told him.

He didn't take it to well he told me that I was being a stuck-up snob. He then told me that I was biased as I was an introvert (Which is not true I'm just not that active on social media though I use it) and also called me a snow flake.

I don't care about what he said he's always been a hot headed moron but I just wan't to know if am I in the wrong here. I'm not a really patriotic person or anything but I think using war a memorial for Instagram photo shoots is kinda fucked up!I’m a 27 year old guy and my stepdad raised me and my 3 brothers and 1 sister. He met us when we were between the ages of 4-9 and he has been the best father since. Our bio dad passed away from illness and I have fond but very fuzzy memories of him. So our stepdad is the only dad we know. 

This guy worked his ass off every day for us, he moved us away from the city when we were kids so we’d have more area to play and grow as kids, he paid for half of ALL of our college tuitions, he took us to every single game, fair, activity known to man as we were growing up. He was & is the best dad ever. 

Basically we love him. 

Now my mom broke up with him maaayyybe 2 years ago because he cheated on her. Very shitty I know but it wasn’t out the blue and there was very questionable behavior on her part also. He has continued to be an amazing father to all of us kids.

it turned out the woman he had cheated on my mom with was pregnant. My brothers and I decided that this kid is basically our sister and we have supported our father in making sure he knows we will look after this little girl also. 

It isn’t about picking favorites but rather the attitude my stepdad has taught is is to just roll with the punches and family is everything. 

My sister completely flipped out on our dad, saying that he’s playing favorites because obviously he’s in love with this little baby. She’s cute and tiny and coming up to a year old and obviously he’s experiencing fatherhood for an infant the first time since he missed it with us. 

She has stopped talking to him our dad and in our tiny community she has been trashing his name saying he’s a loser etc. My dad has done EVERYTHING to reach out to our sister- he is anxious and loves us all more than anything. He’s so proud of all of us and I know he wants my sisters forgiveness. However she stomps around calling his affair partner a slut and our little sister a baby skank etc. Real spiteful shit. 

We thought it was unfair because now people are calling my dad names and so my brothers and I texted our sister saying that our dad has sacrificed his life for us and that it’s real shit she’s giving him a hard time when he did everything for us. 

Our mom is now furious with us and is demanding we apologize to our sister.So backstory is I am living in a caravan in my partner's mother's yard. My mother and I clashed badly and I had to move suddenly. So the offer was, they'll get a caravan for us until we can get some savings up and move. We pay rent/board for our stay.
The agreement was supposedly casual. Use what we want, make yourself comfortable, etc. And I should note the caravan has no toilet, shower or kitchen so we go inside for all that. 

Now the situation. 
I am visually impaired and can't drive. My partner lost his license (no big deal only a few weeks) but it meant my grandma was driving us around for a bit. 
She helped out yesterday taking me shopping and doing chores around town. Later in the day my partner was going to go to gym while grandma and I had dinner. So when we went to pick him up, I had the load of groceries. I invited grandma into the main house while I packed my groceries in for a quick tea seeing a she hasn't rested all day and she's older. 
I was quickly informed my partners mum was coming home and asked how long grandma was staying cause she's stressed after work and doesn't want visitors. 
I explained I was going to give her a quick tea while I unpacked groceries and we would go. I immediately got the vibe that wasn't ok. I was reminded his mum was stressed. So I said fine, we'll go. So I didn't unpack groceries properly and dumped the bags in the caravan. I didn't portion out meat from packets and just dumped them in the freezer. 

I am upset cause I feel like there was an unspoken thing about my having guests. Anyone else I would've invited into the caravan, but my grandma is disabled and can't get up the steps. That's the only reason. And we weren't staying even half hour. 
When I asked my partner about it later he said I needed to give her a heads up for guests. I feel like that means I need to book in with her schedule when I see anyone. And as someone who doesn't drive, the least I can offer my family for running me around is tea or coffee. 
I dunno if I'm just being a jerk and I shouldn't have people over or if I'm being reasonable. I also want to mention I literally have no friends. I would only have someone even set foot in the property probably once every 4-5 months. And they wouldn't stay more than 30 min as it's usually drop off. 

I don't know. Am I an asshole for being upset at this nonsense? I feel like I'm either going to have to waste my savings buying coffee at cafes just to catch up with people or I have to be THAT friend who only ever comes over and never has anyone over. Ideally I would love to be able to cook dinner and have family over for that but I know that's too far and would never do that. I feel so damn uncomfortable. I know my partner says it was no big deal but apparently it was yesterday cause we got hurried out. I'm humiliated for offering tea and then basically being shoved out.I went on a date last night

I’ve (40F) been out of the dating game for a while. I got out of a LTR last summer and have spent around 7 months just single. I got on one of the dating apps and ended up talking to a really nice guy (37M). We have a ton in common and talking came so easy. 

We met up last night and had so much fun. We had dinner and drinks and talked and laughed. I invited him back to my place bc the bar we were at is less than a block from my apartment. I knew we’d probably do some kissing etc, and I was fine with that. I wanted to do that. 

So, we were sitting on my couch talking and he leans over to kiss me and it was nice. He was a bit too aggressive, but it was fine. The problem was, around 10 mins into kissing he lifts up his leg and farted. He stopped and said “excuse me”, but it was very clear that is wasn’t accidental. He lifted up his leg to fart while we were making out. 

It immediately turned me off, and honestly I was dumbfounded that he actually did that. I really have no desire to see him again, which sucks bc I did really enjoy being around him. I’m seriously just grossed out now. 

I know people are human and we all fart, but is it a thing now where it’s okay to do it openly the first time meeting a possible romantic interest? Am I overreacting?I (16m) am a badminton player and a sophomore in high school. I have trained and played competitively for 4 years now, and am one of the best in my high school. Mainly, the only person better than me is another sophomore, who also plays competitively, but he is not really relevant to this since he does a different game mode than me.

For context, I mainly do doubles (or 2v2 for simplicity). During tryouts, whoever partnered with me for 2v2 easily won, and it was pretty obvious and known throughout in the team that I was the best in 2v2, and since Mike was doing mixed, so I didn't have much competition for the varsity spots. However, as soon as the team formed, the coach began forcing me to play with a bunch of new players who have never played before, telling me, "You should play with people at my level." She then formed the varsity team, and it was filled with people that I had easily beat in tryouts. She had seen me defeat them easily with her own eyes, so this was getting kind of ridiculous. I asked for 2v2 varsity players about what I should do, but they just laughed at me and told me to "play at my own level", because helping me would mean that they would probably lose their varsity spots. 

At this point, I was getting kind of pissed, and at practice, when the coach told me again to go "play at my own level" again, I kind of lost it. My partner couldn't hit a single shot over the net, and neither can my opponents. I just threw the entire game. I didn't deserve this type of BS. And when I saw the 2v2 varsity players laughing at me again, I had enough and decided that I was out of 2v2. In the end, I just ditched my partner and told the coach I was joining singles (1v1). Immediately, I beat the top 3 players in 1v1. 

As of posting this, the beginner that was supposed to be my partner doesn't have anyone to go with, so he just wanders around aimlessly during practice. The coach and some of the varsity players are saying that I pulled a "dick move" and are calling me an "asshole" for ditching my partner. AITA?Okay, so a short tldr backstory is that I work as a software developer and haven't had these kinds of issues before so I'm very unsure on how to proceed. I usually take the bus to work, which takes me about 30 minutes. If I miss this bus, the next one is in 45 minutes so It kinda fucks up my working hours. I arrive at work 15 minutes earlier (because I have no choice, I either arrive 15 minutes earlier or I'm late due to the bus situation I explained above). The same goes for when I leave for home at 5 pm, I have my bus at about 5:25 which is exactly how much it takes me to reach the station. If I miss it, I'm not getting home for another hour atleast.

I recently swapped teams at work, because I was offered a position on a different project, that seemed very interesting. I asked if the working hours were normal because of the aforementioned issues, and they said that they are the standard 9-17, with a call that lasts about 5 minutes at 17 (the reason why its at the end of the work hours is because of time zone differences 17 for myself is 8 for the client). That was fine and I accepted, however about 5 days into the project the client moved the call 10 minutes later, assuming its no biggie, so now I basically just pray that the calls dont go longer than a few minutes so I can make it on time. I spoke to my other 3 colleagues and they all agree that the time is bad and it impacts the time it takes them to get home as well. We were planning on approaching our team lead with the issue, however I'm not sure would WE be the assholes to try and somehow move the calls so they fit our work time better?I feel like the asshole here. 

Context: my co-worker(m29) and I(f31) are in the same position with the same pay in an office environment. He has to wear a tie and I usually wear sweaters and/or dresses (yay California weather) 

The other day he sat in something that left a white smudge on his but. He was wearing black pants so it was super noticeable. I pointed it out to him and we all had a bit of fun. (We often make fun of each other) 

Today he came into work with the same smudge on his pants. I laughed my but off because now he’s wearing clearly dirty pants, two days in a row. 

Turns out they are the only work appropriate pair that fit him at the moment. Now I feel like a complete twat for making fun of him since he only has one pair of pants. 

Note: we make enough that he can afford pants. He also loves to make fun of me for the amount of money I usually spend on my sweaters.I'm asking this because it doesn't seem definitive to me. My important people say what I did is correct, but I feel they're just telling me what I want to hear.

Please note that I'm 30 with 10 years in my field.

I started a job a month ago. This job isn't the worst I've ever had, but it certainly is far from amazing. There was a lot of internal conflict and politics, the product wasn't great, the work itself was 5/10, and I wasn't told the truth during my interview in regards to shift work.

Let's focus on that: shift work. I was told there would be a rotating shift that would be as early as an 8am start and as late as a noon start. Every once in a while with advance notice, we'd each work a weekend.

It seemed like a fairish system, but once I started, it seemed we didn't all rotate, just some. And I couldn't work early shifts. And then the weekend work came without warning. My schedule would say one thing, but on the weekend my next week's shift would be changed.

Considering everything combined, it was pretty clear that the position wasn't for me and I handed in my resignation.

My manager and the HR begged me to stay. I've had platitudes before and this felt like those, so I said I had to do it for myself.

Well, it's been a week since that, and this morning I woke up to find that my entire shift from Thursday onwards in completely different than it was yesterday. Literally no warning, no email or phone call. Any planning and appointments I made? Too bad for me, I guess.

I became angry. How dare they say things would be changed and different and then allow them to get worse?!?! Nope. I write them an email stating that I had been beyond courteous, giving notice and input while still within the first month of work, but this was unacceptable, and I would not be coming in any longer.

How shitty was that of me? Or was that the normal reaction? Am I the asshole?

I could have gone in and confronted them but shit is already so awkward after you hand in your two weeks that I felt it wasn't worth it. Hell,I almost felt relieved that they gave me an out of purgatory.
For a bit of backstory, I’m 27 and have been SUPER SMART with my money putting most of what I can into a savings that builds interest since I got my first job mowing lawns at 13 thanks to my parents. The more successful I have become the more money gets put away. I have always been a working man and just struggled in school. I never went to college but got a job at the water treatment plant in my home town and make quite a lot there for mostly sitting in front of computer screens all day but I digress. I grew up in a neighborhood that all my childhood friends still live near after graduation and returned with college degrees and have good jobs and such. When my grandparents needed to be put in elderly care we had to sell their enormous farm and split the money between the part of the family that hasn’t been outcast, that’s probably another story for another reddit post. Well I kid you not this was a HUGE inheritance and guess what I did with it, I put it in my savings. I could honestly live off of the interest at this point and kinda do. Every year or so I collect about 3/4 of the interest and donate to special needs programs and might loan small amounts to a couple friends with no intention of reimbursement. I’m just that kind of friend.
Now into the story. My best friend Rachel (not her real name) started dating this guy from out of town and he’s, for lack of a better term, a scrub. He wants to just sit at home on his phone playing Pokémon go or clash of clans while she caters to him and all his needs. He doesn’t have a problem getting jobs it’s just going and staying at a job in the scheduled time that is hard for him for unknown reasons and excuses why he left early that day. Rachel bought him a car so he could go to work and stuff instead of always using her new car that he ran into a fence and scraped all up the side the first week she had it. Well his car needs A LOT OF WORK before it can get inspected. Total costs coming to about $2,000. I never told him about MY money ever. He just knew about the job I had and that it was above average. So I was planning on taking out my yearly interest in a few days and somehow he found out about everything after I paid for some of her medical bills anonymously after her premature babies surgeries and the sad thing that it didn’t make it.
Now 6 months later he gets all buddy buddy and then asks for $5,000 for a down payment on a new truck and says he will trade in his uninspected car as well so he can have something reliable to get him everywhere he needs to go all while not having any income to support himself or his fiancée and the children she wants to have in the future.
Thanks for reading this far and Reddit can you tell me am I the ass hole for telling him no and to get his 38 year old life together?Especially curious what mental health professionals would say about this. Trying to be a little vague with ages and diagnoses and such to preserve privacy.

Some background: I am a middle-aged health psychologist, which means that I specialize in chronic disease management, medication compliance, etc. I have an old school relationship with a psychologist that I first went to see in my teens. This means we have an over 25 year relationship, and "old school" meaning that it's like I've been in analysis most of my life. Because our relationship has gone on so long, its evolved quite a bit. He was a therapeutic father figure for me in young adulthood, helping me rework my relationship with reality due my own personality disordered father. I owe him everything; I would probably be a nonfunctional adult without his help. Now we are more like colleagues, and when I do talk to him he feels okay about telling me his political opinions, etc, which he would never do when we had a purely therapeutic relationship. I have had his staff tell me, "we love it when you are on the schedule, it makes his whole day".

A few years ago I was in the waiting room prior to a session and he walked out to walk me back to the office. I hadn't seen him in person for a couple of years, as he lives in the same small town as my parents, so I only see him when I visit my parents. I immediately noticed a hallmark symptom of a chronic, progressive and debilitating illness. There was no mistaking it for something else. He also tried to hide the symptom in a way that also is typical of individuals suffering from the illness. I said nothing. I figured he would tell me when he was ready and thought I should know.

The years have gone on and I've been watching this illness progress intermittently and because I only see him sporadically there are huge changes between visits. He had to leave session a couple of times to use the bathroom, and other ways I knew the illness was progressing. He has said nothing about it, not even acknowledged it other than sighing once, "Getting old."

This is heartbreaking and I know that eventually he will have to retire and tell me, and "process" how I feel about it. I've already processed how I feel about it. He already let on that he is moving somewhere he can age in place. Part of me is hurt he feels he can't share this with me but I do believe strongly that it is a person's right to share their diagnosis on their own timeline. Part of me wants him to know I've known all along, although I am not sure if the motivation here is pure in that I want him to know he was never alone, or because I'm hurt. So, WIBTA if when he did tell me, I told him that I've known, and known for years?

ETA: I would only say, "yes, I knew" once he told me. I hadn't considered just confronting him one day out of the blue.Context: My parents recently bought a house meaning I had to transfer schools, now I'm a freshmen in highschool but I landed myself in a sophomores only History class.

On my first day of school, this girl approached me (Let's call her R) and befriended me, introduced me to her friends (Let's call them V, T, and G) I started sitting with them at lunch and all that jazz. 

One day T told me that she had a crush on this sophomore who coincidentally was in my History class, I asked for his snap because i was new to the school and I knew him, what's wrong with wanting the social medias of my classmates? R decided to put in her two cents and say something along the lines of "I wouldn't give you my crush's snap, but whatever." Implying that I was trying to "steal" the sophomore from T. In the end T did give me his snap and that was that, I only talked to the sophomore for a bit and then never responded.

Later that day, I was texting with T about her crush and I was encouraging her to talk to him, basically hyping her up. I made a joke saying "date him or I will" with a spam of angry emojis that made it pretty clear I was joking, he's not my type at all and by the way she responded it seemed like she understood I was joking, since she was like "i know i want to" etc, and nothing ever came of it, we were fine for the next few weeks until recently when R started being really salty to me. R makes it extremely obvious that she dislikes me, for no reason. I started sitting at another lunch table and this morning R approached me and asked why I "ditched them" and why don't I rotate between tables. R never makes any effort to talk to me when I DO sit with her, and I didn't see why I had to ask her permission to sit at another table, so I said that. Our friend G defended me while R's best friend, V, defended R. 

So today I sat at their table, and was once again ignored completely by R, V, and T, and I only talked to G. I had one earbud out so I could hear the three very loudly talking about someone. They were talking about someone who made a joke about "dating him or I will" along with emojis and they were talking about how they shouldn't have given the snap, etc. Making it very, very obvious that it was about me. They even said "I don't know why she needs HIS snap, she has other friends in that class" etc. At the end of the period G spoke up and asked who they were talking about, and they all went quiet.

I'm just mad that they're being possessive over a person that I'm not even interested in, and that instead of discussing it with me directly T went to R and V, plus that they have no regard for my feelings as to talk about me when I was less than a foot away!They're also being pretty rude to G and I'm sure it's because of how close G and I are. I realize this is probably just petty freshmen drama, but AITA in this situation?So the situation:

A few days ago I was asked by my ex, we'll call them Joe, to leave and that we were over.  Everything was pretty calm.  I later asked to come and retrieve the rest of my belongings and was met with a resounding NO, I would not be allowed back into my apartment.  Okay, send all my stuff to me I guess.  They end up delivering most of my things but missing a few.  I message them saying I'll be back in a few days to pick up some things, Joe blocked me on almost everything.  End up figuring a way to message them.

Okay, so I'm here.  Hey, let me in to get my things.  Joe says Nah.  I'm still on the lease?  Joe doesn't care.  Can a police escort come and mediate this?  Joe says you can't come up here.  Here's the kicker: Joe is a big champion for "JuSt MaKe A LiSt".  Have you ever lived somewhere for an extended period of time?  It is nearly impossible to remember everything you own.  You'll remember it in the coming years maybe but by then they've sold it or misplaced it.

I figure I go for the nuclear option: I threaten civil court (keep in mind I really don't want to do this) and now all of a sudden Joe found roughly and had their dad bring 600-700$ worth of things of mine outside but I'm still not allowed up because "Okay this time you DEFINITELY don't have anything else but you can't come up."

What the heck Joe.  I'm trying to be civil but everyone I try and talk to seems so upset with me.  Even my own landlord who I ask access to my apartment is upset with me like I'm some sort of abuser.  This is a small town and the landlord is one of the only lawyers.  I feel like if I try anything I'm legally an asshole and maybe literally as well.

TL;DR
I just want to go inside the apartment that I'm still technically leased to and retrieve my belongings, but everyone is upset and acting like I'm crazy for this idea.  Is it wrong to want to go up there and physically look around?  Am I an asshole for that?

If I'm not the asshole, what can I do here?  I thought I'd get help in the Legal Advice subreddit but I'm starting to feel like I'm the asshole there too.My brother and I have been on tentative standings for a while (long story involving a post that I made a while ago about him trashing my room whilst I was away) but every time I think that he's getting better, he backflips straight onto my shit list. 

I've been having some issues sleeping lately (I've been that way for ages so I'm not too worried since it comes and goes) and a few nights ago, I was trying to relax when I hear my brother, who lives in the room next to mine with a super-thin wall between us, talking loudly to his gaming friends. I can't hear them because he's using his headphones but what I can hear is him swearing like a damn sailor, seriously it is F-bombs every other word and him slagging both myself and our mother! He wants to get into the army (fat chance) and says that our mother wouldn't care if he died on the front lines and then moves onto me. He brings up how I've had bad luck with jobs, says that I'm acting like the world owes me something and how the real world doesn't care what I want.

I was pissed and now I'm not talking to him.

I tell our mother what he said about us and she's not impressed either but because she would rather die than take my side over his, she tells me not to hold a grudge when I say I'm not talking to him and now wants the three of us to have a chat. The only way that I'm doing that would be if I were to tell him that he's narcissistic and lazy before walking out.

So, tell me, AITA?Yesterday I (21F) decided to go outside to buy myself a cup of coffee and head to the shops alone. I have no problems going outside alone and it is what I usually do since I don't have to interact with other people by minding my business. So I went outside, I was walking to the bus station, saw two guys walking past me and really staring at me. They walk past me and one of them yelled "fucking jew" (im jewish and I wear a David star necklace). I got very shocked and decided to act quick and said "fucking muslim" and the guy next to him became even more aggressive, nothing more happened and thankfully it did not escalate. Obviously I have nothing against muslims but I said that as a way to teach him a lesson, you don't go around cussing at people for no real reason, especially while being anti semitic.

I decided not to go to the shops and went home instead researching anti semitism, talking to my dad about it. He was very sad for me but told me I shouldve just walked away because who knows what could've happened. 

AITA though?I hate being touched. I don't even allow my parents to touch me. A few days ago, some lady that I had only recently met who works at my school (I'm a student), put her hand on my head on purpose. I immediately took her hand off and she got offended. I told her that in my culture, that was inappropriate. She called me antisocial and threatened to tell my parents. I don't think people should touch others without permission.

&#x200B;

Edit: I consider culture to be what you believe, so not wanting to be touched is part of my culture. This woman is also not my teacher, but a different teacher who keeps trying to talk to me about personal stuff for some reason. Also, I'm glad I'm not crazy. I felt like I was in an alternate universe where there was no personal space!I’ve been going to the same hairdresser for 7.5 years, 1-3 times a year. I always tip 20-30%, I’m always on time, I leave her good reviews, and have followed her from salons.

The last cut i got from her, about 3.5 weeks ago, was really beautiful, but she missed a couple big chunks in the back that I didn’t notice until a couple weeks later. She had a broken ankle and cut my hair while sitting on a stool, so I am not super surprised there were a couple chunks off. Nbd. I offered to reschedule but she insisted on keeping the appointment and I tipped her generously.

My hair is curly when it’s short and freshly cut, and it didn’t become very obvious until it grew out a bit and began to weigh down. I asked if she could cut the chunks off, but she said it would be a whole new haircut. At $90. IMO, that is super unreasonable. She often cuts my hair dry and has asked previously to have me come in with my hair washed already, so I don’t see why I can’t just pop in and have her cut a couple of the chunks off at a convenient time for her.

She offers bang trims for free in between cuts, but is going to charge me $90 for this?? 

I told her that’s too much and she offered to reduce it to $75. 

I haven’t responded, but I think that’s insulting for a loyal customer, and I’m thinking about telling her I’m going to get my cuts elsewhere. WIBTA if I do that? AITA for being upset about this?

Edit:  the culprit> https://imgur.com/a/lxKpRF3It's my first time posting, but I'll try to keep it brief. 

Background : My parents got divorced this year and no one seems to have taken it well. My sister and I haven't been getting along, so when we had a big Thanksgiving I tried to rebuild that bridge. 

She was cold and distant. When I tried to talk to her about it after the holiday, she initially didn't want to talk. I told her I was uncomfortable having her meet my partner's parents for the first time while we were in a weird place. She eventually did talk with me and told me that I was angry, controlling, manipulative. She literally said in writing that she "spent all my energy trying to be a bitch to you" as payback. 

So that came out of nowhere for me and I said that we should probably talk a lot more about this before she comes for Christmas. It's the first holiday merging my partner and I's  families and I was feeling pressure to have it drama free. Also I had a miserable Thanksgiving and didn't want to have a shitty Xmas. 

She essentially stopped communicating with me at a certain point. She flew into town and I text messaged her about fun things to do, but I didn't get a good response or see her during Xmas. 

Current problem: I'm at my mom's place helping her move out and sell the house. While I'm working my sister calls. My mom has her on speaker phone so I can hear everything. They've planned a giant Easter and Passover celebration for the family and didn't invite me. They went through the details for every day so I could hear about all the fun stuff they were doing. 

WIBTA if I say something about this being hurtful? I mean she didn't end up coming to Xmas because I felt uncomfortable, so I guess it's fair that she can do the same with other holidays. I just feel like this was really petty.My boyfriend (22M) and I (F22) were planning on driving his grandparents to the bus station at 3 am so they can go to NYC and take a cruise leaving from there. This is something that he offered, while I didn't mind because I love them and I stay there sometimes, he didn't ask me before and just said we would drive them at 3 am together.

3 AM comes around, I'm exhausted and feeling super off and anxious because I had forgotten my antidepressants at home and it had been 2 days already, this makes me feel really spacy. It's time to drive them and I tell him I don't want to drive as im nervous about it being not my car, his grandparents in the back and i didnt have my glasses which i need to drive at night. He starts getting pissed of and starts sulking saying that he didn't know where to go and he would get lost and it's easier if i drove, so whatever I decided to drive.

Noone really gave me an exact address, I should've asked being the driver, but I assumed it was at the only bus station and I went there, I expected my bf to ask beforehand or someone would tell me if it was at a random spot before leaving, my mistake though. We get to where I thought it was (wrong spot) and his grandpa is freaking out, he has bad anxiety and I can feel his voice shaking and him freaking out which results in me having a mini anxiety attack. I also don't have data, but maps is downloaded offline but they don't even have an exact address they have two street names. At this point everyone's freaking out and if they miss this bus they miss their cruise. but my bf who is sitting there silent. I look over like please help? Do you have a your phone? can you calm your grandpa down? but nothing, just sits there like what can i do.

&#x200B;

As I'm driving the grandpa is still stressed and I can hear his voice shaking, I'm driving and my vision is getting worse and I feel like shit, all my bf says is: go faster, slow down here or stupid comments.

&#x200B;

We get them there before they needed to be and everything's all good, as we leave my boyfriend is kinda mocking me in the car and called me a cry baby, and im heated and about to burst and i start crying and yelling, saying why couldn't you help me out? why didnt you sit there and do nothing? He never apologized just said I should've asked the address and everyone's an adult there was nothing he could do. I even asked when I realised I fucked up, like can you drive? Just sat there and said nothing. Just felt like he didn't give a shit about how I was in that situation.Me and my girlfriend live together. We have a fairly tight knit group of friends.

I own a projector that plays DVDs so when my girlfriend and I moved in together we suggested a movie night at our place twice a month. We only ever do it at our place because it's pretty central to everyone, I have the projector, and our place is the only one with enough space for all of us.

We have rules that we all worked out together 2 years ago when movie night began. Mainly dumb shit like no more Bee Movie, however we have one rule that we're really strict on, which is to do with triggers.

Of the 8 people in the friend group, 3 of them, including my girlfriend, have mental health issues, and they all have certain triggers. We have all the rules written on a bit of A4 and it includes a list of triggers to avoid.

We trust whoever is bringing the movie to have seen it beforehand, and if we're ever unsure about triggers we look the movie up to find out if there's anything in it that could cause problems.

Sunday night it was R's turn to choose the movie. R brought her new boyfriend with her, and he had the DVD with him. There was no case, just a plastic wallet. I looked it up and didn't see much about it on the internet. I was hesitant but the boyfriend assured me he'd seen it, and when I asked him to check the rules and he swore it was fine with the rules.

It was fine for the first half, but towards the end there was a scene that triggered my girlfriend and she had an episode. Most of the friend group got mad at R's boyfriend for bringing it and he got defensive. I ended up taking care of my girlfriend while the others gave him the DVD back and sent him and R home. R later messaged saying that he hadn't actually seen the movie in advance and it was an honest mistake.

I've talked to my girlfriend since then and she's really embarrassed, said she doesn't want to think about it any more. I've given it a lot of thought and I'm thinking maybe it's not a good idea to do movie night, and work out something else we can do instead. I asked my girlfriend if she'd be OK with me suggesting that we did something other than movies and she said she didn't mind, but she'd just have to be a bit more careful with the movies going forward.

However, this isn't the first problem we've had with movies and triggers. This is actually the third incident in about 2 years.

I messaged the group chat saying we should probably do stuff other than movie nights going forward and the overwhelming response was "you can't cancel movie night". The general feeling is that R's boyfriend fucked up but wasn't being malicious, he's learnt his lesson, and it's not even R's turn to pick for another 4 months. I'm maintaining that I think it might be a good idea to find something else to do as a group to avoid further issues.

AITA for wanting to call time on movie night?

Info: can't give detail about the triggers due to sub rules but it's not things that are common in movies, and they can deal with seeing those things to an extent, but it's when it's highly explicit or presented in a certain way then it can cause issues for those members of our group. We can still watch action, horror, etc, but we just need to make sure they're OK to watch first.First time poster here, let’s give this a shot.

So the title might seem like I’m the asshole, but let me explain. 
So, last year in April, I broke up with my boyfriend right before Spring break. I left him alone through spring break per his request, then texted him when I got back. 
When I came back, he had changed his mind about being friends. (He had made the classic promise to remain as friends after breaking up.) that was really sad, as I cared about him deeply and wanted to be friends, but fine. 
Anyway, a week or so later, I went to his town to drop some of his things off and pick a few of my things up from his place. We were also hoping to talk a bit. 
So I pull up to his house, and he has his best friend is there. I’m naturally pissed as this is kind of supposed to be a private thing, but I let it go. I’m unable to collect my thoughts and he’s high anyway, so we don’t talk much. 
Eventually I leave, but had so much to say that wasn’t said, so a few days later I text him. I tell him that I need closure, and I was really hurting and upset that he had promised to keep our friendship only to throw that out the window. I’m getting kind of heated, but trying to remain civil.
He keeps saying to leave him alone, and I say that I think he owed me an explanation and a proper goodbye. We started to argue, and eventually he just stoped responding altogether.
A few minutes later his best friend (the one who was with him when I dropped his things off) texts me. He tells me that my ex is upset and that I need to leave him alone. 
I try to explain why I was texting him. The friend says “You broke up with him. He doesn’t owe you anything.” I respond with, 
if either of you cared about me you would understand that the closure is important for me to move on. If I have some reasoning then I will leave him alone and we can both move on quicker. 
His friend says “I don’t need to care about you. I’m his friend, not yours… And he doesn’t owe you anything. This is your fault.” 
I was soon after blocked on everything by my ex without a word, despite him promising that he would let me know and say goodbye before doing so. 
For reference, this dude was 22 at the time of this incident. His friend was around the same age as him, I was 19. 
I think he and his friend was the asshole, but I’m here to ask Reddit. So tell me Reddit, AITA?

TLDR: my ex didn’t want to act like an adult through a break-up, and got his friend to convince me to leave him alone instead of doing it himself.To cut a long story short, one of my best friends was getting married and gleefully told our friendship group we were all invited. We congratulated her and her fiancée and looked forward to the invites. When the invites came, only I received one - she didn’t invite any of the other girls who she had known for years. She asked me to be bridesmaid, which I accepted. 
However, she expected me to pay for an expensive bridesmaid dress, accommodation at a pricey venue for three days, the food whilst staying there and travel down to the opposite end of England when I’m poorly. Originally she told me I could get a lift with her parents, who live in the next town over. I sat and worked out how much this would cost me - roughly £1000. I was on benefits for illness and disability at the time and that’s about 3 months worth of benefit money. I explained to her that it was too expensive for me but since then, she’s not spoken to me at all, even when I message her to ask how things are going. So reddit, AITA?So, here goes. My parents would like me to get a small summer job for this year's summer vacation (I'll have around three months as the situation in my school make the year shorter) and were wanting to bring me to a summer job convention today. However, I really don't want to have a summer job, as I'm very shy and I hate being dropped in a place I don't know (like I'd start getting far from people, panic, etc.)(I also had some bullying issues in the past). We made a "compromise", as I'd send a letter to two different workplaces, one I worked to for a week because school and my dad knows the other place very well. I turn 16 during the summer holidays, and in France people under 16 can't hold a summer job.
So, AITA for this?

Edit : My question is : am I in the wrong to refuse going to this convention?

Edit2 : I decided to go. Done.

Edit3 : No one employs underage teens. FrickA few months ago I (26F) moved back in with my parents after a messy breakup. My sister (28F) just bought a house and is moving out of our parents place (not far away, closer to work). She offered me a room in the house, I will be moving in after she gets moved an settled, but am in no rush personally.


Relevant backstory: When I was moving back, I was on a time crunch because I had an expiring lease, and because my ex abandoned/refused to help with a bunch of stuff. Mostly furniture. My family, including my sister, stepped up and helped me for 2-3 weekends. I didn't have time to be picky, but they didn't follow all of my wishes/instructions. They packed things I marked to give away with things I wanted to keep, my sister completely deconstructed some furniture pieces so it took me hours to put them back together (instead of just enough to get out the door), etc. I tried to keep control, but the whole thing was very emotional for me and I know I was a bit snappy at times.


Now my sister is moving gradually into her home, and I am excited to be independent-ish again, but not about the logistics of moving again. She's also pretty disorganized and doesn't plan ahead. This is partially her personality and partially due to being overwhelmed by everyone and their sister giving her "new homeowner advice". This has also caused her to be pretty touchy about anyone trying to do anything without her approval/instructions. After my experience I have tried to be understanding that she wants to be in control.


After a few afternoons/evenings of waiting around for instructions or decisions from her so I could help, I've told her unless she tells me she has a plan/something for me to do I'm going to just go about my day as normal. So far I haven't been back to the house, but my sister has mentioned different plans and things around me almost like she's expecting me to offer to help. But they aren't really things I can help with (picking up things she has to sign for, choosing between different shades of gray, etc) and she doesn't ask outright, maybe she just wants company. I would be fine with that if she had a definite move in day when I know it'll be done, I'm not cool with spending every free evening for an unspecified amount of time following her around while she gets frustrated and refuses to make decisions so we can get the place ready for us.


But after her helping me move before, AITA for not helping her more? I feel a bit bad, but I am also trying to rebuild my own life and don't like it when I waste hours waiting on her. I do not expect her to help me move in when it is my turn.This happened last night. I was in the ladies’ locker room at my gym getting changed after my workout, when one of the male staff members needed to come into the locker room to do something. Apparently he made an announcement that there was a male entering the locker room, and everyone answered back that they were decent and he could come in. I didn’t hear any of this because I still had my earbuds in, and there was no one standing close enough to me that I saw them reacting to it either. So the male staff member walked in on me totally topless.

**(Edit for clarity)** It’s not that big a deal and I wasn’t going to complain about it, but the male staff member told me that because it’s a Potential Incident for the gym, we have to inform the manager of the situation. So I followed him up to the front desk and let him explain to the manager what had happened. 

The (female) manager asked me if the male staff member had made an announcement before entering the locker room. I said I didn’t know because I had my earbuds in. The manager told me that really sounded like my fault because I should’ve known to look out for announcements. I said I don’t see how it’s my fault because it’s not like there’s a sign saying not to listen to music in the locker room or alerting us of the policy of verbal warnings. She said it’s just kind of common sense.

When I got home and told my roommates about this, one of them said that the gym was totally in the wrong and I should’ve made more of a stink to the manager for giving me attitude. The other one said that if I miss an announcement because I have my music on, that’s on me.

AITA or is the gym? (Pretty sure the manager is TA regardless for clearly not understanding customer service.)EDIT: this is my throwaway account because you can never be too careful \~

Just as the description says, but some context is needed. My girlfriend of \~11 months has been talking about animal crossing (the new one released) as it was her favorite game growing up. She thinks the game is super cute, however whenever we watch an animal crossing video (of the new one) she always mentions how she wants to play, but could never buy a switch because she still wants to focus hard on school. She stated many times (per video) that if she ever gets animal crossing that "It is over for my GPA" - note she is in her 3rd year for undergrad and plans on going to grad school.

Enter her best friend (let's call her Janet) she also likes animal crossing, although probably not as much as my girlfriend. I met her through my girlfriend (we have gone for pizza runs always with my girlfriend there) and she seems super nice, always purely platonic and nothing awkward between us ever.

I know Janet's birthday is coming up (because she mentioned it) and this is where I fuck up. We all (my girlfriend, Janet, and I) hear Janet's complaints about her (long distance) boyfriend who is not her favorite. I feel bad because I already know that her (semi-flaky) boyfriend never gets her presents because he doesn't believe in giving presents (note: all yall dudes out there at least get something for your girl's birthday), however he is more than willing to receive presents from her for HIS birthday.

Here's where I come up with the good idea that makes my girlfriend very angry. I know my girlfriend would like to play the new animal crossing, but not own it because she really wants to focus on her grades. I know that Janet would love ANY present for her birthday, so why not give her something she would use and enjoy. I also know that my gf and Janet are good enough friends that they would share, and my gf would play too, just not too frequently so that she can still focus on her studies.

So Janet's birthday comes around and I get her the switch. She is really happy (probably because she didn't expect presents on her birthday) but my girlfriend is furious. She storms out of the room crying that I would give JANET such an expensive gift but not her. I explained to her that it was really for both of you as she would play it too but she is not having it. I write this at 3AM on the couch in our living room.

Am I the asshole?Good evening all.

My wife is in her early third trimester, about 7 months. She is not on "bed rest" but her maternity leave has begun so now she's chilling at home. One of my favorite sports teams are coming to my city (today actually) and I originally had a ticket to go and see them play with my sibling. The stadium is 40 minutes away on a bus but we were planning to take the train which would have cut it down to \~20 minutes with a 5 minute walk home from the station. I would not have been gone for more than 3 and a half hours at the very most which is much less than my average work day. 

Originally I bought the tickets with her full consent..she doesn't want to go because she is not really into sports which is okay. Today I was getting ready to leave and she says she doesn't want me to go anywhere. Obviously i'm concerned but I ask her why and she says that she just can't do without me for that long. I try to reassure her fears and I say "I know how you feel, it must be scary being on your own. However you manage fine without me for 7 hours a day, so I think that asking this of you is not unreasonable. And if anything happens you can always contact my sister and she'll be with you in a hurry". Let me just stop and say that her and my sister are best friends and have been for a long time. My sister also lives close to us. 

It didnt matter how much I tried to reassure her that everything was going to be okay because she still would not budge and then I finally said look me and my brother have planned this for a while and we are excited to go. Please do not prevent me from doing this because I do not know when I'll get a chance to see them play again (my favorite team is based on literally the other side of the continent). She still would not budge so I took the liberty of calling my sister to see if she could stay with her, to which she agreed and my Sharon finally relented. She drove over and she was a few minutes away from arriving before I checked my transit app and realized if i did not leave now then I'd miss my train. I told her that I was leaving and she immediately burst into tears but she was saying through her tears that although she will miss me, I should go to the match as long as I sprint home afterwards which i will most certainly do.

I am typing this from the train and I feel like the biggest asshole in the world and i do not know if I made the right decision.My (19m) younger brother (16m) has been seeing a 18yo guy for a few months. I'm the only one in my family who knows he's bi, so obviously I'm also the only family member aware of this boyfriend. I met the guy once but he didn't leave a good impression.

First off, he's in uni and dating a high school student. Moreover, my brother had just turned 16 when they started talking online. Secondly, although the guy's not a smoker, he'll occasionally buy my brother cigarettes like that's completely okay (my brother has been smoking socially with some of his friends, which I also don't approve of).

Also, though I didn't tell my brother this, his boyfriend seems either stupid or completely disinterested in most things, he even checks out when my brother talks about his interests, so I'm pretty sure he's only after sex (what else?) Not saying that has to be a bad thing generally speaking but look for someone your own age when you're in uni.

\*When I asked my brother if they're hooking up he said no, can't know if he's telling the truth but I assume so since he never lies to me.

So when my brother asked me for my opinion on the guy, I was honest: I think it's weird for them to date when one's a high schooler and the other one a uni student, and I don't like the fact that his boyfriend buys him cigarettes. My brother was annoyed, through he's always annoyed when I bring up his smoking (because according to him, it's not bad since it's social smoking) and he thinks I'm being nit-picky and a jerk for judging the guy just based on those things, since they're only 2 years apart in age.

Am I objectively the asshole? I just don't think this person is good for him.So there is a guarantee here where it arrives in 30 minutes or the order is free.

The person was already 3 minutes late, when the power went out.

They ended up being 8 minutes past the 30 minute guarantee. The elevator may or may not have worked (but it was only 2 floors anyway)

I didn't bother bringing it up and trying to get a free order (it was also pissing rain out) but I didn't tip either. AITA?I mean he's not a child he's fucking 21 and he's constantly acting like a child, For example he was asking me how to log into his Spotify, I mean we're not native but he speaks English as well as I Do and he doesn't take the effort to learn anything by himself rather expects me to teach him how to sign in with a VPN and like no way am i helping you with that simple deed, so i just passive aggressively answer him, with contempt and a mocking tone, slowly giving him the info and treating him like a he's 5, and he then gets angry and shuts me off, he does that for everything, from pulling out research for his uni report to working out to healthy foods, like i literally research just like you do, why do you have to act like a child and not learn for yourself, am I the Asshole?This happened a few years back, so it probably doesn't matter that much now. Still want to roughly know, though.

I moved to Sweden to be with my (now ex) girlfriend. I already knew her friend before I met my ex. So, I was in that 'friend circle' already.

I broke up with my ex, and moved out (but stayed in Sweden). For a while, I would get invited to parties and to watch random movies. Then it just 'stopped' after I got my ex and her friend to stop arguing.

I would still be invited places 'on occasion', but nothing too crazy. I had always insisted I wanted to go out drinking (something I never have done), and they always said I would get invited next time...and I never did. Ever. Apparently, I was just meant to 'ask' to come out, but since I never knew when they were going out, that was hard.

The last straw was when I said I wanted to go see Star Wars: The Last Jedi a couple of years back. They said I would come (I asked in advance), and by the time the tickets could be purchased, all 10 tickets that could be reserved as a group were 'taken'. I never got to go with anybody. I was REALLY upset, as I had asked weeks in advance.

Fast forward a few months later, and I found out that they have a party and I wasn't invited. Apparently, because my ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend was uncomfortable being around an ex and requested I no longer got invited to parties. This was sad because up until this point, my ex and I were on good terms. Up until she found a boyfriend, we were talking on the phone and gaming for hours a day with each other. The second she found a boyfriend, this stopped. I haven't spoken to her for years now.

I got 'angry' that I never get invited places, and apparently it is my fault for not 'pressuring' more to go. I did invite the 'friend' in question here to London, and she was coming with her boyfriend. She canceled 2 days before, leaving me to foot the entire bill for the trip. Apparently, they couldn't afford to go.

So, AITA here? Should I have got angry I wasn't invited places, or should I have let it slide? It still makes me upset to this day, because they knew how lonely I was. The invites just stopped.

I can clarify things if you want. Just to show I wasn't an arsehole or did anything wrong. I just started to get 'phased' out, with a new person taking my spot.

Note: I took this to /r/relationships a few years back. They insisted that I probably sexually touched my 'friends' at parties, hence why I was never invited anywhere. No. I have never done this. I can assure you of that. At the time, I also asked my friend and she said nothing like that had ever happened. If it had, she would never have been around me 'solo'.Long story, my friend S invited me & SO to a game at his place (D&D). He had a new friend C & she wanted to run a game for us. We had a good time & she seemed nice. I mention C to a few friends & they said ‘C is Bat Sh\*t & a horrible person’ I try not to listen to gossip so I ignored it. only thing was how much C & S flirted (Him single, her Married) but that could be her personality. We met up 3 more times after that. S & C were still flirting. Not my business so I didn’t pry.

My MOH organised my Bachelorette party & She invited C, I wouldn't say we were friends but whatever she was nice.

Before the BP I met up with S for a catch up. He told to me that he & C had been sleeping together. Also something happened & they had a fallen out. I asked what had happened & he wouldn't say. He didn’t want to cloud my view of her & the fall out was both of them.

At the BP C comes, it was fine but later that night she asked me if I knew that she & S fell out. I said yes, but I didn't know the details. I told her S had wanted to keep what happened between them, to stop the BP from being weird & to respect her privacy. She went crazy, cried for hours telling me horrible things about S & her ex SO. I comforted her & missed half my BP.

I confronted S & he showed me the convos in full. they didn’t paint him in a great light, But she basically lied. Maybe I was stupid but I let it go, she was drunk & upset I put the outburst to a one-off

Next time I see her both S & C are at the same event & she caused a MASSIVE scene.

Me & HTB had a talk. We'd only met her in person 6 times & 2 of those times she caused a scene, we decided to uninvite her.

I told to her myself & explained that she & S couldn't be in the same room together & I didn’t want to put her in a position. She got upset, there was a lot of drama, but I stood firm. We sort of stayed ‘friends’ But it was frosty.

She started dating S’s best friend of 20+ Years (M). M was also invited to the wedding, he came but left right after the meal. C had drove him up & went to a local spa for the day I was upset that he left early, but I understood. If C is just waiting for M to come back from the wedding, he might have felt bad & left as soon as possible.

We opened our wedding gifts after the Honeymoon & M has given us a gift. it's lovely but, it's engraved with ‘from M & C’. I contacted them both on a group chat to thank them & to let them know we just opened them. M chats away, but nothing from C. M then messages me separately to say that C is still hurt that I chose S over her & that if I want to fix it when I send the thank you card I could maybe write her an apology letter to try & fix things.

I wasn't sure what to do & in the end, I tore up the thank you card & never sent anything. They have since both unfriended me on FB. C is friends with a few of my friends & they have taken her side. I got to know, did I handle this all wrong, AITA?My boyfriend, me and a few of our friends found a new hiking. Having never been there before, I didn’t know what to expect. Like an idiot, I didn’t bring my inhaler. That’s my fault. However, now that I’m older I never have to use it and don’t even think to keep it on me anymore. 

The gist of it... this hike was more intense and I had to start going slow because I felt an attack coming on. This was a problem for everyone because I was going slow and holding them back. I explained to them that I was feeling an asthma attack coming on and just wanted to be sure that I could get it under control. I then had to take a break, thinking maybe I should turn back, but they told me to quit being weak, to suck it up. I guess they thought I was using asthma as an excuse because I didn’t actually want to finish. They told me if I turned back I wouldn’t get the car keys, therefore not get anything from the cooler, and I’d just have to sit down in the heat and wait. They kept pushing and ridiculing until finally I tried to keep up. At one point it wasn’t even a trail, we were basically climbing the side of a mountain. This was the turning point. My chest became extremely tight and at that point I was struggling to breathe. I stopped, looked at my boyfriend and told him that I needed to go back down, ASAP. At first, he told me I was being dramatic and to calm down and rest for a minute and it’d be fine. The more I talked the more I couldn’t speak in full sentences. I immediately knew this attack was different than any I’ve ever had in my life because I’ve never felt this before. Finally he looked at me and goes “holy shit, your lips look blue” and realized how serious I was being. I burst out crying and tell him I think I need an ambulance. We turned back to go back down and it kept escalating to the point where he had to literally carry me, and basically ran the last half of the trail while dialing 911. He laid me down on the ground while I’m inhaling only tiny amounts of air at a time thinking I’m literally going to die, I couldn’t even move. Thankfully it didn’t take them long to arrive and they managed to get me breathing a bit before loading me up and taking me to the hospital. One of the guys told me that if they had been even 5 minutes later my airways could’ve closed off enough to kill me. 

I’m so incredibly angry at everyone I hiked with for not listening to me, I haven’t talked to any of them, and have avoided my boyfriend. I even threatened that I should break up with him because this isn’t the first time he hasn’t listened to me health wise and has belittled very real issues and written them off as being “lazy” or “weak”. Now my friends are mad at me, saying it’s my fault because I didn’t have my inhaler, and everyone is acting like I didn’t just have a life threatening asthma attack.We live in a small town in the US. Our home is on the street just behind my kids’ school, and sometimes we bike but most times we drive. Today I am feeling very ill (probably caught my husband’s virus). I picked up the kids and drove back, and upon returning home I encounter a set of middle school boys who often wander in the middle of the street and try to block or annoy drivers. Today one of them stood directly in the road, and when I drove around him he pretended that I drove over his foot.

I lost what little patience I had, already feeling unwell and having dealt with them before, so I got out of my car and yelled at them both. I told them to stop doing this or next time I was going to notify the police who watch traffic at the school the next time. I then told them that they needed to stop fucking with people.

I got back in the car and drove home with my kids, and since we only lived at the end of the street they watched us drive home. My older daughter knows who they are from school but not where they live. She’s pissed and embarrassed at me.

Friend of mine whom I told thinks I was justified, but that I shouldn’t have yelled because now They’re going to get their parents to come yell at me or get authorities involved.

I drive through the pickup line all the time, and listen/watch the kids walking home to scope out what the generation is like. These damn middle schoolers are saying stuff that I don’t even say. They are not innocent. I’m tired of people not taking responsibility for their kids.

Am I the asshole?My boyfriend found an old phone of his, and I asked to go through the gallery because it would be funny to see what he looked like when he was younger, he had longer hair and now his hair is shaved. He said OK and I was not expecting anything other than pictures of him or his cats.  I found pictures and nudes, sextapes etc of his ex, at first I thought whoops that is not good, I told him and we laughed about it. He asked me if I could show it to him and I was like....not really. The pictures are of his ex and him and I told him I was going to delete them all of his phone and he gave me permission because I know for a fact he would go over them. Time went by, he then brought it up and said "soo....what were those pictures? can you describe them for me?" and I said "why do you want to know? its pictures of your ex naked" but he really wanted me to describe them for him because it would be "funny". 

Later again he brought it up and this time when he was a but "horny" and like wanted to do something, he brought it up again and wanted me to describe what I saw and stuff and all I could think of was, why does it matter? They're gone now and it is his ex. He told me not to talk to him and that I am making a big deal out of things.

AITA here for not showing/describinghim the pictures? It was on his phone and he said it is his phone so he should see whatever is in there.I run a small business braiding horses; I travel across the SE to horseshows where braiding is technically required (bigger shows, if unbraided people get DQ’d). However, my venues expand to small shows as well where people braid for certain classes that do not require braiding or special year-end classes. 
I work around 16 hours a night, and after I had a client who hauled to the show instead of stabling there was running almost 3 hours late, I was rightfully pretty pissed. When they arrived, I told them I would have to charge extra (tacking on $20 for a braiding fee after talking to the trainer). They were super apologetic, and didn’t think it was a big deal to pay a little extra since I had now been up almost 24 hours. 
Here’s where I might be an asshole, though. I charge $90-100 per horse, which is the going rate. 
My mom thought I was being unreasonable to charge an extra $20, and that I should expect crazy outcomes because horse industry can be unpredictable (in the case of hauling). However, I’m pretty tired of people not giving me a proper warning when they leave me waiting 2-3 hours, or when they contact me the night before their class to add another horse to my list of 9-10. 
WIBTA if I told clients that I charge a late fee? Or am I being unreasonable?Throwaway, on mobile, you know the drill.

I'm a woman who's worked at a manual labour job for the past 3+ years. I work almost entirely with men. Recently we've had a lot of guys who aren't very good at the job get hired, and not let go because our boss doesn't see how much time they waste.

I'm quitting the company in about two months time. As such, my boss hired a new guy (Dean) about 3 weeks ago to take over a bunch of my responsibilities. This includes making orders and invoices, receiving orders, with a handful of other stuff here and there. (Mostly my boss just wants him to learn my work habits, since I've been told I'm very efficient.) So, as my leave date gets closer, my coworker and I are training our new guy to be as good as me by the time I leave.

Today, another coworker, Ross, came up to me and asked if I'd seen our warehouse guy (Garett). Ross said that he was going to learn how to make an invoice from Garett. I told him that there's no real point to that, as Dean was learning how to do that for when I leave, and we don't need too many people making invoices or else there's confusion and mistakes. He whined that that's not fair, and how come Dean gets to do that when he's been here for less time. I said, "Because he's replacing me. That's just the way it goes, unfortunately."

When I got back there, I talked to Garett and he said he didn't really see the harm in letting him learn, and I said that's fine, I just want to make sure Dean gets as much practice as possible before I go, and Ross can learn later. Garett asked if they could do it together, learn at the same time and I said that was fine. Lo and behold, I leave to do a couple things before I leave for the day, and who's scanning in the order by himself with Dean standing beside him awkwardly? Ross.

I was going to say something, but instead went up to Garett and said that until I leave, Dean should be making invoices rather than Ross. After that, it's fine, Ross can learn, but I want Dean to have it down pat by the time I go. Garett was very understanding and said he just didn't have the heart to say no to Ross. I said, "I get it, I hate saying no to people too, but Dean has to take priority."

I just want to know, AITA for not letting Ross learn as well? My main concern is that he's got very poor work ethic, so he'll make mistakes that others will have to correct because he doesn't listen to instructions. (This isn't the first time he's been told specific instructions and then not followed them anyway.)

TL;DR: Told coworker he didn't need to learn a skill as we've got someone else who needs to learn more, then he went and did it anyway. AITA for telling him that he can't learn this yet?

Quick edit because I forgot some info: We've already got 4 other people who can make invoices. Dean needs to learn only because he's replacing me. We have a good number of people who can make invoices as it stands, which is why Ross doesn't need to learn yet.

Edit 2: Thanks for the feedback! I felt like an asshole and just wanted to confirm my suspicions. I've been very frustrated with how Ross has been performing and I took it out on him instead of talking to my boss. I'm going to delete this post and talk to my boss about the situation so we can get responsibilities sorted out so we don't have too many people doing one job. Thank you again.My older brother and I are both young adults who live at home. He is much older than me and had moved for a few years before moving back in. We do not have a good relationship for many reasons, mostly because to me he doesn’t treat my mom or I very well yet he’s oblivious to his own bad behaviour.

I practice yoga daily and have since I was 17. I got my mom into it last year and we go to a yoga studio together 2-3 times a week. My brother recently expressed an interest in yoga because he hasn’t been active as of late and asked to come with us. My mom and I said the classes are quite early in the mornings and we weren’t sure he’d be able to wake himself up for that (he always stays up late). 

Later that night thinking about it I started to cry, thinking of him coming to yoga class with me. I know I don’t own the practice of yoga and the idea of him doing yoga doesn’t bother me at all - what bothers me is his coming to my studio and the classes I attend. The thing I’ve loved most about going to yoga was getting away from him for a while and trying to destress from what goes on vs him and I at home. I also loved that this is my thing with my mom - mother daughter time. 

My mom is on my side and tried to look into alternative yoga studios for him (there are many) but he’s angry with us for not including him in our thing. He’s been snippy since. With all my reasonings here, am I really the AH? Or do I make sense?Throwaway account in case my coworkers see this.

I work as an assistant manager at a restaurant. There is one bartender there we'll call Sarah. She is very nice and friendly, and I generally get along with her well. Some background: the restaurant has two floors, so servers and bartenders have to carry tons of stuff up and down the stairs, and workers of all genders generally have no problem with this.

However, Sarah has a bad habit of asking male coworkers to do her work for her. She will ask male servers to carry buckets of ice up the stairs, or carry bus bins full of dishes downstairs. She will sometimes ask other bartenders to put the chairs up on the counter at the end of the night for her. She asks me to do stuff for her from time to time, and I usually will because I try to help staff out when it's busy.

The other night was really slow, and at the end of the night it was time to take out the trash (bartender's job). The servers had gone home so she was the last person there. To take it out you have to carry it down stairs, through the kitchen, out to an alley. She asked me to do it and told me she can't because "it's too heavy" and she has "noodle arms." She is about my height (5'8") and skinny but not ridiculously frail. I lifted up the trash can and it was literally about 15-20 lbs. Unless she was disabled or injured, she could certainly take it down. Small female servers have to carry heavier stuff all the time with no problem.

I told her "come on Sarah, you can carry this." She then tried to pick it up and pretended like she couldn't. I told her, "just do your job" and went downstairs. She did it, and didn't say bye when she left for the night. That was yesterday and today at work she pretty much ignored me. AITA for this?In Oct 2019 I(F19) got an internship at a company I really liked. The only issue was that the commute was two hours. My original plan was to live at my parents' house during the weekends and Doordash for money(the internship was unpaid) and sleep in my car during the weekdays while I work. Because of this money was limited and I would often skip meals to pay for gas to get to work.

I posted about having to sleep in my car on Twitter and one of my mutuals dmed me to tell me to stay with them. I refused saying I didn't have money to pay him and he insisted saying it was dangerous to sleep in my car and it was just "morals" to let me stay with him. Even though I never met him I had a couple friends who knew him so I trusted I would be okay and decided to stay with him for only 3 days per week while I went back home on the other days to Doordash.

In February I started payroll at the same job, and I offered to start paying my roommate rent because I had the money to pay him now. He asked me if I could pay him for the months I stayed with him when I didn't have money. I personally don't feel like I should because he told me before I started staying with him that I would not have to pay him and I told him several times I did not have the money to pay him extra to stay with him, also along with the fact he claimed he let me stay with him because of his "morals." If I had known he was going to ask for payment later I would have just stuck to sleeping in my car. AITA?My friend and I were playing Fortnite with a buddy of his and eventually we went to creative, and I told them that I just wanted to practice my building skills because I wasn't sure if I could do 90s anymore. I started building, and his friend phoeniix starts grappling up and spraying at me and keeps this going for like 10 minutes when I snapped and said "What the fuck is wrong with you?" And he pretty much said something along the lines of "I'm baiting you for a reaction, and that's exactly what you're giving me." 

So I continue building, but they both keep resting the building and when I fall to the ground and both start spraying. I literally didn't have a weapon, and it just got to the point of them spawn camping me for no fucking reason. Both of them were laughing like I was a fucking zoo animal. All I wanted to fucking do was build.

I left the call and I told Michael
"I am fucking done with you
I can't fucking stand you anymore
I am sick and tired of this shit so I'm going to fucking end it
I wish we never met and I mean it
I hate you
You're fucking dead to me
You're always complaining about things as if they were my fault
Not only did you not help me with the problem you were a part of it"

He's done shit like this before and I'm just so sick of it. But I still feel like I'm the asshole.
Am I the asshole Reddit?So this morning, I was getting to the bus stop on my way to work. I usually hang out to my favorite waiting spot which is right under the bus stop sign. As for everyone else, everyone just kinda stands scattered around the general area, and there was no line, just like every other day. I try to carefully make my way to my favorite spot, and just managed to lightly bump into a woman. Quickly, she grabs me by the arm and tells me "Watch where you're going!". A bit flustered, I quickly said "Sorry about that!" She then goes on about how I shouldn't "shove" people, to which I'm bewildered, because in my mind I don't even consider it "shoving". I tell her "That wasn't even a shove", and leave it at that, while she death stares at me. Maybe I should've minded my surroundings a bit more, but it was early and I haven't had my coffee fix yet, but I still didn't appreciate her calling me a "shover".I’m 18, my dad walked out on my mom sister & I around 10 years ago now. We never talked because he’d never return calls or even had a phone. This past year we started talking here and there, and on christmas he decided to tell me that his girlfriend is having a baby, and I showed no expression & couldn’t leave sooner, which he didn’t take well. I just feel like I’m nothing, he’s never there for me and I quite literally never see or hear from him. He sometimes doesn’t even talk to me if we run into each other. He never supports me in school, or with extra expenses I’ve had, so I really don’t know why he thinks having a baby is a good idea; the man can’t even take care of himself. Im moving to go to university after I’m done high school, and have told him I don’t plan on coming to visit them often. The whole situation makes me pretty emotional and I don’t really talk about it to anyone, so thought I’d come here for advice. Am I the asshole for not being excited or happy for him?My ex and I were together from ages 15-21. I had a really rough home life, had no one growing up, and when I started dating him his parents took me under their wing. They were the first people in my life (in addition to my ex) that I felt truly loved by. They came to school events I was involved in, I spent every holiday with them, including my birthday’s. Before them, no one even celebrated my birthday as a kid. I even lived with them full time the last two years of high school due to dangerous stuff happening at home, they helped me get my first car, they helped me apply to colleges/traveled with me and helped me move in, among many, many other countless things. They’re truly the only parents I’ve ever had, and I’m still really close to them. I’m still (semi) friends with my ex, who lives across the country so I don’t see him that often. 

My fiancé knows all of this, and likes both my ex and his parents and has no problem with them coming to the wedding. A wedding, by the way, that I really don’t want to have. If I had my way, we would get married at the court house, just us two, and go on an incredible honeymoon. I don’t like weddings, never have, but my fiancé wants a wedding so I compromised. I’m doing all of this for him and his family, because I’ll have *maybe* 6-7 people there out of 100 and something. The attention, all of it makes me uncomfortable. But I’d do anything for him. 

So I brought up the fact that I want my ex’s dad to be the one to walk me down the aisle, and he got pretty upset by it. He thinks it’s weird and inappropriate. He wants his dad to walk me down the aisle, but I told him I’d just walk by myself if he’s really going to freak out about the situation. He got even more upset by that. It’s not that I don’t like his dad, I do. I like his parents. It’s just that we’re not as close as the people who literally had a role in raising me. I just feel like I’m doing this entire event for him, and he won’t allow this one thing that I want.
(Disclaimer: I’m not saying I don’t want to marry my fiancé, *I do*, I’m just saying I don’t want to do the wedding part of it)I have a bunch of metal health illnesses and tend to turn to my girlfriend for help with them when I have breakdowns, doubts, or really any problems regarding my mental health. It’s turned into a big problem between us throughout our relationship. She is the only person I feel comfortable talking to about those things. I’ve always been one to suppress emotions and keep them to myself, but ever since I’ve met her I’ve been comfortable talking to her. We’ve known each other for 5 years and I haven’t met anyone that I’ve been as comfortable with. She helps a lot with my problems and has always been there when I wanted to talk. Sometimes my breakdowns would get out of hand and I’d take it out on her. It’s always over text and I’ve never physically hurt her. After our recent conversation about it, I’ve been a lot more cautious about talking to her about my problems. I’ve been a bunch happier and the problems that come up I briefly talk to her about and she makes me happy again. The last thing I talked to her about was very minor and after she helped me with it she said that from now on I’d have to start paying to talk to her about anything regarding mental health problems. Like I’ve said, I’ve never been able to talk to friends about my problems, so I don’t know how I should respond.  I want to tell her that it’s bullshit and that it’s basically making her a therapist, but at the same time I feel like it’s unfair for me to push my problems on her without any benefits for her. Before, when she was having severe mental problems, I always helped her and was there for her when she needed it. I feel that when I push my issues on her it ends up hurting her mental health as well. She is the first person that I’ve ever had feelings for and I’m so happy with her. Our relationship is healthy. I don’t want it to end because of my issues. Am I the asshole for making her deal with my problems and then feeling hurt when she tells me she needs payment?

tl;dr: Girlfriend tells me that I  need to start paying her after every time that I talk to her about my mental issuesA few years ago, a landlord came after me and 3 former roommates, claiming $900 in damages to an apartment we rented in college.

He only sent this claim to me as the others did not leave forwarding addresses. Since the others and I were not on speaking terms, and since I was the “responsible tenant” (I contacted the landlord first about renting the apartment and was the only one who consistently paid rent on time), I dealt with the landlord directly on this.

I recorded our conversation about the damages and took a video walkthrough upon moving out (the others did not as they left the lease earlier). One of the roommates stuck me with paying 3/4 of the final month’s rent, and left me to clean up the entire apartment alone and deal with moving out all of the furniture we got for the place.

I told the landlord he needed to send evidence of the damages, evidence of our liability, evidence of the repairs, and evidence of the cost of repairs to all 4 tenants, which was not included in the initial claim. Spoiler: I knew the landlord could not do this because, even though there were no damages, landlords are scumbags and will try to squeeze tenants dry. Anyways, a year passed and the landlord did not send any of that, so I figured he had dropped the claim.

In reality, he sold our “debt” to a debt collector, who was more proactive about collecting. The collector sent the claim (with no evidence to support it) to all 4 of us. The other roommates asked what was up, I told them I was dealing with it, gave them all the documentation I had, and said that I had filed a dispute with the collector. I asked them to please not contact the collector or pay the “debt” because it was being disputed. If we paid, then we would admit guilt, the collector told me, and would not get the money back.

One roommate paid the “debt” while it was being disputed and then asked me to pay him back for my "share." I said no and explained that we didn't owe the money, that I had been dealing with it, and that I had already disputed it. Roommate thinks ITA for not paying him back and for not telling him about this in the beginning.

He also claimed I put the other 3 roommates at credit risk. But I disputed this damage claim on my credit report, they did an investigation, and found no evidence that we owed damages. Shocker. They expunged it with no harm to my credit.

Maybe I should have told him, but I told him that’s the landlord’s responsibility, not mine. He should have left a forwarding address if he wanted to be informed. I also felt uncomfortable telling the other roommates because they hadn’t paid rent on time and had caused other problems throughout our lease. Two of them left me no contact info (whatever, idc if they don’t want to stay in touch), and the roommate who thinks ITA and I weren’t on speaking terms by the end of the lease. I wasn't a model roommate by any stretch of the imagination. But, AITA in this situation?This happened hrs ago.

Me (19F) and my bf (20M) come back from a dance class, and dinner together. Even the walk to my place was nice.

So, we’re lying on my bed, both on our phones but we’re still cuddling somehow. He's watching me do the wrk on my phone, and then it slips out of my hand, and ofc lands on his cheek. I immediately say "Oh my god I'm sorry" and try to kiss his cheek, but he blcks me with his hand and removes my arm from around him, turning to face away. I say "It was an accident, are u rly gonna shun me for that?" Him: "Leave me alone". I silently scoot off the bed and head to shower hoping he'll calm down by the time I come back.

I come back, he hasn’t moved, doesn't acknowledge me.I'm still being ignored. So, after I get dressed, I leave to go study in the living rm. A little over an hr passes and still no txt from him, so I go back to my rm to find him sleeping. I poke him and ask if he plans to sleep the rest of the night, he says yes, then I ask if he's mad at me, he says no. I ask to tlk for a sec. He starts:

"What do u want."

"why did u get so upset earlier?"

"U know why."

"Ok, but it was an accident, it slipped out of my hand."

"Yeah, anyone would've reacted like that."

"No, the other person would apologize, and everyone moves on. So why did u react like that?"

"bc it was ur fault."

"It slipped out I can't control that!"

"Have better control of ur hands."

"Do u hear how ridiculous u sound?? Accidents happen, I apologized and u still shunned me and stopped talking to me for 2 hrs”

"What's ur point."

I was quiet, then said " Ur whole night is going to be ruined bc my phone slipped out of my hand. We were supposed to be doing work together, being productive, but instead I had to give u space, and go work alone in the living room. I'm doing my work, but my chest is tight because ur not talking to me and it's making it hard to focus. I'm sitting in there feeling so shitty like I did something so wrong. This could've been over hrs ago, but instead ur hurting both of us for no reason. This just isn't fair."

He looks and me rubs his eyes and goes "Bitch. I'm just fucking tired, leave me FUCKING ALONE." and he turns and faces the wall.

Sidenote: We literally had a talk like the day before about how he won't call me a bitch when he's upset, to which he agreed to. That went right out the door pretty fast.

Anyway, I started tearing up, and remembered I have to sleep too so I said, "\[name\], I need u to leave, please." (He 2 min away)

Once he started to get off the bed I walked to my door and said "Ur being an asshole." Then left. A min later he walks out without a word. AITA?

Update: he just texted cancelling all our plans for this week, including, taking notes for me in a class bc I have an appointment, coming to see me on my first day at my new job, seeing Parasite together, and a trip to NY with my sisters.We get free fruits at work every Monday. Bananas (usually around 10 for 30+ employees) are usually the first thing to be gone after a day or two. 

Because I like my bananas a little bit on the riper side I take one banana and put it in my desk drawer so I can eat it later this week.

My colleagues think this is unfair towards other people that don't get to enjoy the banana at the beginning of the week.

AITA for saving the banana for me or not because I want to eat it later this week?Obligatory on mobile

My cousin messaged me the other night, asking to borrow some money cause his check had an error somehow and his pay is being delayed. Normally I'd be fine with helping out family but I just had a falling out with him. I essentially had to come by to take care of some business that was his because he was on a alcoholic bender and passed out. When I confronted him he said he wasn't drunk and proceeded to open a beer in front of me. I got upset cause I couldn't reason with him and left in a storm pretty much. I was obviously still upset and he never contacted me after I left to apologise. He claims he was so drunk he doesn't remember any of that happening but he didn't seem blackout drunk. I told him when he messaged me last night that if things got worse I'd think about helping and he replied "it's pretty bad". I just left him on read at that point cause I didn't know how to respond. I feel like I'd be betraying myself if I gave him something after I didn't get anything of meaning out of him. Maybe this thread would be better in /adv/ but AITA for leaving him on read?

Edited to add our family is very small and I'm one of 3 people he knows. But we do have local food banks around here that are fine.So i know this sounds weird,but im weird aswell so fuck it.

There is this girl in our class that i really like and i think she likes me back,recently we had an oral exam in history and she said "jesus christ if i manage to do it tomorrow and she doesnt call me out today im waking up at 4am and studying".I replied with im playing lol up until 6 am so i will call you to wake you up because i dont want to get an F tomorrow.She started laughing and said okay will be waiting for that call.

Then as we were about to head home i said again calling at 4 am be ready,she started laughing again and said okay okay.She is kind of a nerd but i dont mind,has all A's her best subject is maths so she always helps me with it lol.

So now its midnight im playing lol as usual and i was wondering if i should call or not,i dont want to be creepy but i dont think that it will be creepy if i do it. Im super confused what should i do?

EDIT1:I know i said im creepy but jesus christ i will not fucking email her wtf???Edit. In the title I mean my ex’s son



My wife or I usually pick up my daughter and my ex’s son from school everyday and we watch them until my ex gets off work around 6pm, but sometimes later.

On Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays my ex will take them both home with her. On Thursdays and Fridays she will just come and pick up her son and our daughter will stay with me til Sunday.

My daughter is going to a camp thing with her school next week. Since my daughter isn’t going to be here for a full week my wife and I thought we would take this week off and go on a trip of our own. We told my ex and started planning for this a little over two weeks ago.

Well camp is next week and my ex hasn’t been able to find anyone to take her son to school and watch him for that long after school everyday. The only person that can is her aunt, but she can’t drive anymore and she lives 45 mins away. My ex has tried asking some of her sons friends parents, but no one has agreed to do it because her schedule sometimes varies and she may need to pick her son up a lot later.

She asked me if we can go on our trip some other time when she can find someone else to watch her son.

Now we wouldn’t lose anything if we cancelled our trip since we were planning on staying at a buddies vacation house and  just driving there, but we have been really wanting to get away and have most of our stuff ready to go.Hi everyone,I just need to talk about something that’s been on my mind lately. It may not appear as much of an issue to all of you guys, but just help me out here. So, here we go.  

So, my school is letting all of the students at my grade level on a trip to the High School that you chose to go to as a visitation day of sorts. So I’m at lunch with my friends, and we’re all talking about where we want to go. Me and three of my friends want to go to one place, two of them want to go to another, and this one kid (let’s call him F1) is planning to go to an old, run down public school that’s just barely alive at this point.   So I tell him that I’m not going to this school because I’ve already been accepted into this school, and it’s already been paid for. 

He’s now absolutely livid at me and is telling everyone he knows how I’m going to a different school than him and how I’m such an asshole for not being there for him. This is really conflicting me, and he says he’s gonna mail my failed assignments to the school and het me rejected. I’m really not sure what to do.   WIBTA for not going to the same school as my friend?There's more to this than the title suggests. This is my 3rd rewrite, it's hard to keep short.

GTA:O is the main subject of the whole thing. I only bought it to play with a friend that likes that game, because I would always play alone and it was getting depressing, not having friends really I mean. Bought it to have some fun.

My friend plays the game like work. Handling ingame-businesses to maximize profit and make money, even though it was boring and repitive work. He wanted to buy expensive stuff, he likes that stuff. I, on the other hand, got money through hackers by accident, so money wasn't an issue. though I had a relaxed, chill play style. Driving around, adventures, making new friends by chatting.. 

My friend would regularly contact me on my phone, asking me to play together, it ended up being work, pretty much, so I only agreed when we would do something fun afterwards. I would always help him with his businesses for up to 4 hours, and expect 30 minutes random fun. Then he would leave, talking about how he had appointments and such. Forgot that steam displays games though, he usually went over to play CoD then.. This turned regular, and I hated it because I was still playing all alone most of the time. And since we did his stuff, I didn't level up at all, to unlock useful stuff.. I had to do that by myself.

Some day I finally said "NO!" and refused. He didn't like that. He then found some new friends who helped him, suddenly I wasn't existing for him, not even in reality. He would never drop by, and for 10 months wouldn't even react my attempts at opening up a conversation via messagers. At that point he stopped playing, but that's different. This whole stuff was years ago, like 2 or 3 years ago. Barely touched GTA since then, because I found a new friend I actually enjoy playing together with.

Then recently he contacted me again, asked if we wanted to play GTA:O again. Made an appointment for tuesday, though I came online on Saturday already because I found time. He instantly wanted me to join his business ingame to do some "quick jobs". I refused instantly. Chatted around a bit, had to go.. Tuesday I Get online, we never dismissed that appointment, but he doesn't show up. I contact him, he's like "we played saturday, so we don't need to play today". 

To me it's obvious. He needed someone to help him with his ingame business, couldn't find anyone, so I was finally good enough to contact for the first time in 10 months. And when he found out I still won't do his boring work, I was useless. This whole thing was around 3 or 4 weeks ago, and he hasn't contacted me since. I think he doesn't give a shit about me and just needs me to be his employee. I mean, I could care less, since I now have a solid best friend to play with, which I always meet up with in reallife, go on actual trips. But I still kind of feel like an asshole for refusing. 

AITA for refusing to play with a friend I've known since kindergarten?By "curfew" I mean the kind of rule that states that there should be no disruptive noise in a specific time period. For our complex, it's from 24:00 till 07:00. 

I have friends over a couple times a month, maybe 2-3 times. We are never more than 5 people, and we don't play loud music or anything during the night. It's basically just a LAN party.
I have gotten polite messages about closing my backdoor more silently, close the windows if I'm watching TV late at night, stuff like that. All good and dandy, not difficult to work around at all.

I have a room dedicated to gaming/LAN parties. It's basically just an 8x8 meter room with some tables, chairs, and a single window. I have done a lot to make this room comfortable. The floor is 100% carpeted and even installed that noise cancelling foam stuff on the wall, got a buddy to help with that. Basically, you don't hear what's going on inside unless the window is open, which it never is. 

There is a basement apartment below me, and the tenants there have started to complain about me walking around late at night, or having people over after the "curfew". The only place in my apartment that is directly above theirs is the gaming room. They have gotten real nasty at me about it, threatening to call the landlord to throw me out for having people over after 24:00, smash my mailbox, piss on my door etc. Nothing has happened yet.

I told them the first time that my friends and myself and my friends will make an effort to keep it down. The first time they got really aggressive, I told them that there was no rule against having people over, and that the rules only state that there should be no disruptive noise. They "showed me" that I am noisy, by having me walk around in the room while they recorded it from their phone downstairs. It just sounded like walking around, and was not loud at all. If anyone has ever lived underneath someone in an apartment, it basically sounds the same. Maybe more miffed, since the floor is carpeted.

They had no other complaints other than me or my friends walking around after 24:00, so I told them to pound sand.

AITA?So for background information, I (23F) am in medical school. I am a second year, and if you ask most doctors, this is the hardest year of their medical school career. I am working my tail off to say the least.  In medical school, student loans provide you with enough to pay for living expenses because its not feasible for us to work. With classes roughly 30 hours a week and studying for my boards exam (this is the exam that determines speciality/competitiveness for residency), I do what I can around the house. Currently, it is finals week, so I have been spending a lot more time studying than cleaning. I bought groceries this week that would be easy and quick meals so that I didn't have to spend a lot of time dealing with that.

My boyfriend (24M) and I live together. He is currently working a job that requires 24 hour shifts or sometimes 36 hour shifts. While he has been paying the rent, I pay for the groceries each month as well as other bills such as the monthly vet bills, dog food, etc. When it comes to expenses, it is probably about 2/3 him 1/3 me. At the beginning of the semester, I tried to pick up side jobs to help with more expenses however all advisors told me to stop doing such as it was causing extra stress and less study time.

Currently every-time my boyfriend and I fight, he brings up the fact that I do not "work", even though medical school is a full time job. I have tried to get him to understand that, but yet he often calls me lazy and worthless because I don't make money right now (please keep in mind, the living expenses provided on my student loans are going towards our living expenses and I am contributing as much as possible). He comes home some days and attacks me for not doing enough around the house as if I am a stay at home mom, which all power to you but thats not what I do all day.

So our washer and dryer took a poop on us and the landlord thinks its our fault it broke. Therefore we are currently doing laundry at his parents house. I normally do the grocery shopping, laundry, dishes, take care of the dogs, clean, cook, meal prep, pack lunches, and put everything away for us. I asked him to do the laundry this week as I am studying a lot more this week with finals. He worked two 12 hour shifts this week total, which is hard work, I get it. However, he thinks that means he doesn't have to do laundry. I do not feel comfortable going to his parents house to do laundry for hours, I love his family, but I need quiet time to study.

Summary: My boyfriend thinks I am the asshole because I do not have a "real job" and that means I should do everything around the house. Im in medical school. He has 2-3 days off at a time. AITA?

Edit: I wanted to show him this post and he told me "I have all the time in the world to do stupid shit" insert upside down smiley face. Alright, hear me up: my birthday is something I don't consider very much each year. It comes by and goes on every year and I don't feel like I should be hype about it. It serves for one more family reunion in the year for me and that's about it. It feels like it should be a special day for me, but I think people shouldn't give me recognition on this day and still take it as it was a normal day.

Nowaday, I don't talk about my birth date. Only to specific people with whom I bound, but almost nobody knows the real date (since I'm off Facebook). I told it to my coworker which seemed super hyped up about it and is all into special occasion. At first I was like "maybe she'll know I'm not really into special  occasion and stay put with this information". Prior to my birthday (specifically one day before), I arrive st work and what do I find... a balloon, a party hat and a cake that she brought for me.

Since I think this is cool that she puts effort in this, I mentioned it to her that I appreciated the gesture, but in no chance I will put on the party hat or eat cake (the hat for the reason above and the cake because I just don't like them). And she seemed discouraged by it.

So Reddit, pardon my french (since english is my second language), but am I the asshole for clarifying that with her the day she surprised me?Okay so, I know I know title, but a lot more to it. Obligatory I'm on mobile and a prayer my friends don't find this. Also it's a long one.

Will be referring to my fathers girlfriend as P, because I am uncreative.

A week or two ago my father (48) told me (16m) his girlfriend, P (no idea how old but I assume younger than my dad) was pregnant and I couldn't tell anyone yet because the first two months chances are bigger it can go wrong. We talked a little about it, he told me he didn't really want the baby, but P does. "But then again, I'm old so this would probably be the last time I have the chance". They did use condoms, according to my dad. I simply told him I wouldn't be changing diapers (my dad never changed mine when I was growing up either). Im TERREFIED of babies as they're just so fragile and breakable and it scares me.

So the thing is I've went through a lot. I've lost my mother when I was 12 and before she died i had no contact with my father for a while because of stuff I've suppressed and wont bring up again just for this. Lived in foster families after running away from my half bro (same mom) after a big fight.

Eventually I ended up getting in contact with my father again and everything seemed great. Like two years later after resuming contact I was allowed to live with him after so many times of going to court and talking to CPS and all that stuff. It was just rough. I've been living with him for over a year now.

Theres a lot of things happening again that made me cut contact with him when I was younger. Hes just plain old emotionally abusive. about 6 months ago or something he got a girlfriend. She's nice. Does basically CPS work things but not for CPS? I dunno, I'm bad at explaining. I've been very honest with her about how I feel about my father, and she's witnessed plenty of fights and if she's not there for them I tell her about them later because they eat me up and she actually listens. She asks questions and is just amazing. She's nowhere near as amazing as my mom was, as that's impossible. But she's as amazing as she can be and she has agreed that my father is very emotionally abusive towards me. 

She hasn't been here for a while, no idea if the pregnancy has to do with it, but my father did text her that he told me (I made him do it because I think it's really important as it's also a big thing for her). So I know that when she's here she's gonna ask how I feel about it all.

I honestly feel bad for her and the kid. They deserve better than my father. My dads an alcoholic (has been for as long as I can remember) and now has also started using drugs not too long ago. I know hes gonna be a terrible caretaker, that he wont do much in terms of helping P and that hes gonna make everything terrible for her. I just... I don't want that kid going trough what I went through. I don't believe at all that my father is going to change.

WIBTA being honest to her like usual?I'm the youngest of three kids with an older brother and sister and we all love our mom very much. What my brother wants to do is get her a $3000 chair from Scandinavian Designs because it's "the best chair" he's ever sat in. He wants each of us to pitch in $1000 for it. As of right now, I'm attending college but have a steady amount of money in my bank account due to my job and scholarships. I'm trying to attend graduate school and I know I'm gonna eventually need to take out loans for my classes and I personally think that no chair is worth $3000. He keeps insisting that since it's for our mom, it should be a no-brainer but I think he's crossing the line of generosity and reckless spending. AITA for not wanting to put the money in?

EDIT: My mom has back problems and it’s one of the main reasons he wants to get her the chair, but I would much rather spend the money just getting her direct professional help for that, rather than a chair that only MIGHT help.For context; I am a 21 year-old female and the youngest child in my family, the girl in question is my older sister's friend, who my sister has become increasingly distant with as time goes on. They met around two or three years ago, and they were really close for the first year, but it fell off in the last year. She met our family somewhere in the first year. She's been engaged for like a year and a half now, and I think she'll be getting married in the summer. But last summer, she would bring her daughter over to our house a lot and my parents would spend time with them just as much as my sister did. She got kind of close to my dad, who just has a tendency to act fatherly to all of out friends, especially ones who have kids of their own. I can tell he can't wait for grandkids, but my sister always has crappy boyfriends and I'm bi, but haven't ever really been in a super serious relationship with a man, so maybe he realizes he won't get them from us for a while. I do have two brothers, but no sign of children from them either. But basically, he loves having kids around that he can send home with somebody else, and my sister's friends with kids love it because it's basically free babysitting.

Sister's friend knows her father, and I think he's in her life, but they don't have a great relationship. I'm pretty sure he's coming to the wedding, though, she just doesn't want him in it. She told my sister (told, NOT ASKED) that she was going to ask our dad to walk her down the aisle come her wedding. My sister and I talked about it, and we both agreed, it was a little weird, since A) friend talks to my sister maybe once every two months and B) she's only known our dad for less than the time she's been engaged. Another big part of it is neither me nor my sister is married, and maybe it's a little selfish, but we want one of us to be the first he walks down the aisle, or one of our brother's potential spouses. *Not* a 'friend' that only comes around when she wants babysitting. It feels like it cheapens the experience for him, and makes it less important when our time comes around.

We both felt like she wasn't choosing to ask our dad because she felt like he was a father to her, but because he was the most fatherly figure she could think of. She knows him enough to leave her kid with him and my mom, but he mentioned that she barely comes around anymore unless she's in a pinch with the kid.

She hasn't asked him yet, but I guess I just wanted to ask; would it be wrong to tell her we don't feel comfortable with that? Or even tell our dad that we don't want him to do it, and why (less favorable, because that would put him on the spot and force him to be the one to say no)?

TL;DR my sister's friend wants my dad to walk her down the aisle for her wedding, my sister and I don't want her to ask him because it feels like she's only asking because he's the only older man she knows and we don't want his first time walking somebody down the aisle to be somebody that our family barely talks to anymore

Edit: I should add that my dad is very clearly bothered about the fact that she only comes around when she needs babysitting. She hasn't stopped by (beyond to drop off her kid) for almost a year at this point. The announcement to my sister was out of the blue after all of this. And like I said, she didn't ask at all, even to ask, 'do you think your dad would be okay with this'We are both men-both 29M. 

My boyfriend's coming out was traumatic, his family don't speak to him except for his siblings who eventually came around. I feel like this has coloured a lot of his interactions with my mum. 

My parents on the other hand were progressive for their times and I have always had a really good relationship with them. There wasn't one hint of disappointment or anything, both of them hugged me and told me it changed nothing. My mum, when she found out I was being bullied for being gay at school and the principal did nothing, charged into my local MP's office and made him talk to my school principal.

My boyfriend thinks that I let my mum get away with too much just because she was supportive of me coming out. 

My mum still treats me like a kid sometimes- she's 5'2 and I'm 6" so we have a rule that if she wants to ruffle my hair, I have bend down and let her. She also pinches my cheeks, demands hugs and kisses my cheeks and I just go along with it.

All of this weirds out my boyfriend but I feel like it's no big deal since I own my home, cook, clean, have a job and adult on my own. I'm not one of those kids whose mum still buys their clothes or makes them food. Obviously to some extent, I'm still going to be a kid to my mum but as long as she's not overly involved or treating me like a baby, it's fine. 

A few days ago, we had dinner at my parents house (we usually do this around once a month) and my mum was telling me about some puppies that were looking for homes. My mum loves dogs and so do I but I didn't feel like my lifestyle is very dog friendly right now.

But my mum was just joking showing me and my boyfriend photos and videos of the puppies like "are you sure you don't want one, look at how cute they are" etc. and they were pretty cute. But I told my mum we wanted to do more travelling and she said "yes do all the travelling now while your joints work!". 

But my boyfriend mentioned that we wanted a big dog, not a small one and my mum jokingly said that we weren't doing the gay thing right because of the stereotype that gay men like small dogs. 

I was joking back saying "oh yeah, you are such an expert on gay men ma!" when my boyfriend interjects saying she was being offensive with her stereotypes. She looked very taken aback and apologized but it soured the mood at dinner. I then turned to my boyfriend and told him to take it easy, she was just joking. 

He went silent and didn't speak for the rest of dinner. My mum tried to hug him like usual as we were leaving but he wasn't having it. We then got into an argument on the way home around me not "checking my mum's homophobic behavior" and not having his back and I personally thought he was being disrespectful and too sensitive towards my mum. 

He's now angry at me for not having his side but I feel like he completely over-reacted to a joke and he had no business scolding my mum either, it sometimes feels like he's just looking for proof she's a bad mum just because his parents cut him out.We found out from my MIL that my husbands sister is baptizing her 2nd child in a few weeks, and she asked if we would be coming.

I don't really want to go and take my toddler for a number of reasons. First off, there is no way my child will sit through the long service happily. Second, I do not feel comfortable leaving my child in the "daycare" of the church.

My husband and I went to my SIL's first child's baptism, and I found the service to be extremely conservative and hateful. From things my SIL has said, they are just as awful spouting some of that hate to the children in the daycare during services as well. 

I suggested that my husband go with my inlaws (it is a several hour drive) to show "support" and that I would stay home with our child. When my husband suggested that, my MIL got angry that we won't be bringing our child. She says our child can just play with SIL's oldest (in the daycare). We have not said the reason we do not want our child to be in the daycare for the service.

AITA for not wanting to go to "support SIL". It is her husband who is pushing for baptisms even though none of my inlaws are religious.Okay, So I (22f) asked my (23f) friend to take us to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. We are from Louisiana and and I live about an hour away from New Orleans. So she comes to pick me up with a strange friend in the car. I find it weird cause it was supposed to be just us, but she mentioned she was just dropping him off. We get to New Orleans, she spends and hour and a half cutting up the brand new jeans, I had just given her before we were able to get out of the car. Then once we get out she has to pee. If anyone has been to New Orleans during any Mardi Gras season, you know that’s bad. 
I put that to the side and tried to enjoy myself but set an alarm to leave because I had “Work” the next day. I just wanted to leave cause my social battery had died. At around 1 am we had to find the friend she brought with us. After we finally find him, we make it back to the car and she couldn’t find her keys! I was livid! Mainly because my keys were locked in her car! Selfish I know but I have a set morning routine, so I can’t mess that up. I literally call my family panicking, because I can’t be stuck in New Orleans. I was able to call a Lyft to pick us up. Keep in mind a Lyft from New Orleans to my place is hella high! Now we are back to my place and she is rushing me to get someone to take her back to her car! My spare is at my parents home, and hour away!  Now she’s upset with me and I just stormed off in my room.AITA?

My roommate has been allowing her boyfriend and boyfriends dog to spend the night multiple times a week for the past 6 months or so. Our lease specifically says no pets may stay in the apartment.

I've mentioned to her several times the issue I have with it - first off, it's a violation of our lease which is my biggest issue with it. But, the dog also eats our shoes which we have in the mudroom, sleeps on the couch (something I've asked doesn't happen), has accidents in the house, barks at nighttime, and drinks and eats out of our bowls. Her and her boyfriend also have left the apartment for hours at a time and leave the dog home alone with me or my other roommate. All of these issues have been unresolved, despite us discussing them.

I made the decision to speak to my landlord about it, and asked if a letter can be sent to the apartment. I felt this was the best, non confrontational (which hadn't worked) way to resolve the issue. If the landlord said no dogs, there would be no choice but to listen (rather than a discussion between roommates). I let her know via text that the landlord had said there had been complaints and that they would be sending a letter that dogs weren't allowed in the apartment.

My roommate called the landlord, who said the complaint was from me (I guess that's my mistake, I should have been honest that it was me?). My roommate is now furious - saying I should not have involved other people and wants to speak with me later.

I'm fine discussing this in person, but AITA for calling the landlord?Throwaway 

So me and Patricia* have been friends since we were 6. Were 20 now. She’s a high achiever, very intelligent and all through school was the prettier one. I suffered a kidney disease which caused me to swell AND be on steroids so I was overweight, hairy and basically considered unattractive and weird. 

I’ve been in remission since last year lost all of my weight, looked after myself and improved myself, I would have what you’d call a ‘glow up’. And I’m very proud of it, I would say I do like the attention because it just feels nice after being bullied for such a long time. 

But since gaining more attention and working on myself Patricia hasn’t exactly been wild about it, or been very supportive. For the past year she’s taken up calling herself the ‘duff’ of our group (designated ugly fat friend) which is attention seeking as she’s attractive and very slim. 

At first I was of course telling her she wasn’t, feeding her ego.

But last Saturday me, Patricia and our other friend Marcy decided to go out. Now I like to usually make an effort, you know the general getting ready jazz. I kept it causal but I liked how I looked. When I turned up Patricia looked pissed. She’d turned up in a ‘lazy’ outfit, with simple makeup. She still looked very pretty but she immediately went ‘of course she turns up to out do us’ and made me instantly feel bad. Later in the night after a few drinks she started getting bitchy, cutting me off when I was speaking and actually said I looked like a drag queen. 

I left to go to the toilet, I don’t really enjoy confrontation. She follows me with Marcy, complaining that she’s the duff and she’s always made to feel it. I lost my temper, and told her ‘it’s not my fault you make no effort, you know you’re pretty stop being an attention seeking whiny b!tch.’ 

She shouted that I was the attention seeker and called me a few choice words before getting a cab home. 

My mum thinks I shouldn’t have stooped to her level and she’s obviously insecure. However Marcy thinks she needs putting in her place as she knows she’s pretty as half the time she spends in love with herself and the other half acting like we purposefully make her look bad. 

Was I an asshole? I feel so torn, I’m usually the type to bite my tongueFor reference my GF and I technically dated our last year of HS and all 4 years of college. However, last year when choosing grad schools the one that was the best for my research interests that was realistic for entry and I had already been accepted to was 3 states away. My GF and I had a big argument about it and she was angry that I was choosing to move so far away and broke up with me during the argument. We ended up cooling down and agreeing to try long distance and got back together during the same argument. It ended up not mattering because I actually got accepted to a closer school that was much better but I thought was basically a lottery ticket for me.

We both thought that we were together for 6 years until now, but I realize that’s not actually true. I recently read a philosophy book about the vagueness of language and how we mostly just use inexact descriptions of things and that any true clarity is impossible using human language, but that we should still strive for precision whenever possible. I thought that was interesting and now I realize it’s not exactly true to say that my GF and I have been together for 6 years. If someone asked you how long is your string is you wouldn’t say that it was 6 inches if you had a 1 inch piece of string and a 5 inch piece of string. They’re two different things. If someone wanted to know the sum of the lengths of your string, they’d ask that. But the actual question, as well as someone asking for the length of your relationship, implies continuous measurement, not a discrete sum. 

My GF vehemently disagrees with that. She says that it’s pedantic, disrespectful to our relationship by minimizing it, and actually communicates less than I think it does since she feels the need to correct me every time I say it. I pointed out that she doesn’t need to correct me and that I always tell people that we dated for a couple of years before a break then got back together if they ask. She says that one and half hours during an argument isn’t a break and that it’s stupid to frame it that way. I think that she’s in the wrong, as the way she frames it fails to communicate vital information, and she’s been framing it as if my side is silly. 

AITA?My boyfriends band has a gig this entire week and he's sick. He has a fever and yesterday he told me he had gone to the gig and had messed it up a lot. He came to my place and was very obviously not in any shape to play, but if he didn't show up the band would be missing a guitarist. The gig is for a show (revy for any norwegians here) so they could of course not cancel the show or the gig. I told him to stay home and relax and my sister agreed with me that we couldn't in good conscience let him go and I told him I would make him some food and follow him home. I also told him he could go if his fever went down. She left, and he screamed at me until I broke down and let him leave. The other band members, who are my friends, called me and told me this wasn't my decision and I needed to let him go and my friend told me I was being controlling. Am I the asshole?

I'm still really upset so please be kind in your replies.

Edit: Didn't think this was relevant info, but we're both 17, and his band didn't actually want the gig. So in his defence, I do think the reason he was so persistent on going was because he genuinely didn't want the show to fail.

Edit 2: His parents aren't in this story, why isn't really my place to tell. But there's a reason and they aren't a part of this at all. I know this is anonymous but I still don't feel comfortable sharing it with anyone without his explicit consent.

Dette er så spesifikt at hvis du leser dette, vet du at det handler om deg. Unnskyld for at jeg går til Reddit om det her, det såret meg bare veldig at du skrek på meg på den måten. Jeg vil ikke være kontrollerende, og jeg vil ha andres meninger om jeg var det eller ikke. Jeg prøvde bare å passe på deg.My parents were together for 18+ years. After my dad passed away my junior year of high school, it took my mom just three weeks to go back out into the dating world. Ok, good for her, sure.

That being said, I immediately did NOT like the man she was seeing (we will call him Carl). My mom lied and said he was a mechanical engineer when in fact Carl was just a warehouse worker. I got on her for that, which I admit was wrong of me. It was 100% not ok to judge ones career or salary, especially since he was content with his job.

Over the next two years, my mom and I spiraled downhill as I expressed my dislike of her relationship, and she would blame me for denying her happiness and causing her depression. We were extremely toxic towards one another, but I refused to not voice my concerns, but I do admit sometimes I was just starting tension out of anger. We were both grieving and it was hard, but we did not handle it in the best of ways.

This is the part where dislike escalated to hate. My mom and Carl got secretly engaged, and he moved in. 

THIS IS WHERE MY MAJOR RED FLAGS CAME INTO PLAY: he used my razor in my own private bathroom to manscape. I walked into my bathroom to find grey hair covering the razor and my floor. When I addressed the concern, I was given a "well, I couldn't find the charger to my razor". My mom claimed it was because "he was raised differently" than me. He also, during the engagement, CHEATED on my mom. My mom broke off the engagement, but he continued living with us. When I said she should take a break, she said I had no place to talk since I had never been in a relationship. I also told my mom she should NOT get married because their joint income would prevent me and his two kids from getting financial aid. I currently get around $3000-4000 in pell grants, but the join income will remove that. He makes less than my mom who is a teacher, so I suspect them losing $24,000 for his two girls not getting pell grants WHICH they might not have even gotten in the first place.

Carl and my mom again secretly got engaged after some months, and then ended up getting married. I was not smiling during the wedding or reception. This I could have changed. Half of my moms friends were understanding and would come talk to me and agree/support me, and the other half of my moms friends would express their dislike of my attitude. I could have acted better, but I was so angry and upset during it all.

Since their marriage, my mom seems to be very unsatisfied. She is constantly going through mental breakdowns, and I think she is hiding the fact she is unhappy. Still- all this time, she blames me for denying her happiness, and a part of me feels guilty. Am I in the wrong, should I have just faked it and sacrificed my happiness for my moms? I know she has done so much for me, but I wanted to be honest to protect her but I fear I did the opposite.I know this is trivial, but previous incidents have made his issue snowball into a bigger problem than it should be. For context, I live with 3 other people, all in our early 20's. My roommate Kris is a nice girl, and I appreciate her friendship, but she tends to do things without realizing they are a problem. 

I try to bring problems up when they come, but I am very non-confrontational and get very anxious, so sometimes I let things slide because they don't seem like a big deal at the time and I don't want to come off as annoying. 

We share a bathroom. When it's my turn to take out the trash for the house, I also take out the trash in our bathroom. It's not required but if I don't take out the trash in the bathroom, nobody else does. The trashcan gets filled to over-flowing very quickly- I've asked Kris to take out the trash before but she usually argues about it, then does it begrudgingly because she hates to touch gross stuff. 

I like to buy myself flushable wipes, only using one per visit so I don't clog the toilet. I used to have them under the sink because I thought they were nice and I extended an invitation for Kris to use them as well. A couple of days later I went to use them and there were none left. These are more expensive than toilet paper so nowadays when I buy wipes I keep them in my room and do not share them. 

All of this has compounded to the toilet paper situation. I usually buy the tp, store brand six pack, 1000 sheets per roll. It's relatively cheap so I usually don't mind buying it. However, these past few months have been really tight for me so I bought the six-pack and cut down my own usage. Last week we ran out, so Kris got a roll from our other roommate's bathroom. Within a day or two that roll ran out. At this point I started feeling kinda upset, because I don't feel like what I buy is appreciated so I got myself a roll of tp and kept it in my room.

The next time Kris used the bathroom she called me on the phone to ask if I had any tp for her to use. I felt bad and said I did, and I gave it to her to use, and she kept it in the bathroom. I didn't have the heart to take it out. I talked to her about being more mindful with tp usage, and she said sure. Just last night I went to use the bathroom and the roll was gone. I used the wet wipes instead but I was very upset at this point. 

Kris has shown no initiative to buy her own tp so I'm afraid that she'll keep asking me and we'll keep falling into this cycle. We've had house meetings where we've discussed buying things for the house and splitting costs, but nothing ever gets done about it. I know tp usage shouldn't be this much of a problem but I feel very overwhelmed, so WIBTA if I just bought toilet paper for myself and kept it in my room?
I work at a techie kind of company. I'm pretty new here, I just switched jobs recently. But I knew a few people here before I started, there's a relatively small tech scene in my city and I'm pretty socially active

I made a group text on Facebook messenger that started out being just me and five work friends, I called it "the click", a pun on "clique" but it was not cliquey at all, I told them all to feel free to add anyone who is into going out for nerdy stuff (tabletop game nights, pub quizzes, movies, just hanging out, going to local events) 

So the group grew, everyone in it is welcome to add more friends. It's at like 50 people now and it's just a place to share events and coordinate going out or meeting up. A couple people found people to start a dnd campaign with, in the group. It's pretty sweet because we do a night out or two a week and everyone who comes out sometimes has made a bunch of new friends. It's been super drama free.

It's now only about 1/3 people from my workplace, with the rest being people from other techie companies nearby, and friends, boyfriends and girlfriends of ours who are into geeky stuff.

A bunch of my coworkers don't have an interest in going out after work or being in a group text, and that's OK.

But I guess between the group of us that does go out, saying "the click is going to happy hour" or "let's get the click together for tabletop gaming" or whatever has become a common phrase.

In the group, we've also used the "nickname" feature of Facebook messenger to give each other funny nicknames, often based on jokes that come up when we're drinking together. Mine right now is "princess motherfucker" because of my unexpected potty mouth when I drink. 

And I got brought to HR over this, saying they'd gotten a complaint that I had started "a clique" that's exclusionary, and that involved about a third of my team at the office, plus some people from other teams.

I said that the group was called "Click" like what you do with a computer and that I would never exclude anyone, the name was a joke, and if whoever had complained had just asked me if I could add them, I'd have been happy to.

The rep asked me to rename the group and also warned me about exclusionary actions at work, and I said OK and gave the group another name, "sudo apt-get install friendship" which is more of a mouthful lol.

I feel weird that someone reported feeling excluded when I didn't mean that at all. I've felt like the group was the opposite, open and welcoming to anyone.

AITA for the group I made?

Edited to clarify a couple details. Title is mostly accurate. 

The family above me moved in about 5ish months ago. We don’t really have a relationship, they aren’t mean or crass or anything, just keep to themselves (as does the whole complex, there really isn’t a sense of community here, still a lovely place to be). I have met them once because their refrigerator water line burst, flooding their apartment, and it eventually started to pour into mine from the ceiling. I figured out what was wrong and called maintenance. Thankfully there wasn’t a lot of damage and since they had just moved in, none of their personal belongings were affected (still bare apartment). Later that day I just went up to introduce myself and make sure everything was fine. They were nice and thankful and that was that.

Since then, I’ve only seen the woman periodically walking their puppy (who is very cute). We will say hello quickly, sometimes I’ll pet her pup and then be on our separate ways. All of this is to say I know them, and we are friendly, but I don’t really KNOW them. 

Their pup was about 6 months old when they moved in. So he was barking a lot and we could hear them playing with him frequently, but he was a baby so I more or less tried to ignore it. I love dogs and have a large pup myself so I know they need to be exercised, and I figured he was barking a lot because of the new environment. 

Well fast forward to now and the dog is REALLY LOUD in the mornings, usually starting at 5am. The barking has subsided, mostly, so that’s no big deal. But he plays with (what I assume is) a huge bone in the morning while his humans get ready for work. He picks it up and drops it 100 times in a row, on hardwood flooring. The sound of it hitting the floor every morning is so startling that I’ve once jumped out of bed. I can never fall back asleep because it goes on for so long. It usually stops around 6:30 – 7am when they leave for work. My bf is starting to become frustrated because we feel we can never sleep in, and we both work really long hours so those few days a week where we can sleep till 8am are so critical for our health. My immune system is trash, and when I get run down from lack of sleep, I always get sick. 

I hate being that neighbor that complains about animals, especially since there isn’t much an owner can do at work about their barking dog. I contemplated asking them to with hold the bones just in the mornings till around 7am, but I hate feeling like I’m putting restrictions on what they can and can’t do in their own home. The neighbor there before them had an absolutely miserable dog and I eventually had to file a complaint with the leasing office and that did not end up well, so I’m hesitant to speak to them in case this all happens again. 

So, WIBTA to ask my neighbor to with hold the dogs bone so I can sleep in?For context I am not rich by any means, so when I give out money if we’re not that close I kinda expect it back. Like when I give someone $50 I kinda need that back

See I was saving for a little bit to have some extra money that if I want to use in the future or need it for something I have it right then and there. However my friend (who by the way makes like way more) needed $100 for bills so I reluctantly handed it over as that was pretty much my savings from like 3 months and I asked him to pay it back, he said he would. So I agreed.

2 weeks pass by.

6 weeks pass by.

2 months pass by.

And right now I need that money because my other savings were practically nothing and I needed to head out of town for my sisters 30th b-day. I’m panicking and Friends at my house and then he leaves. However when he does he drops a $50 bill and I didn’t notice it until he had driven away out of sight. I then saw the chance and took it. He rang about 2 weeks later (and after I went to my sisters bday) asking if he left any money behind that day and I said 
“Nope!”

My friend from across the country has called me TA and I’m feeling bad now. Because that could’ve been needed money. But my other half is saying “this is the guy who lost his wallet and $500 in it with out batting an eye so I’m not sure. AITA?Background: went to college with this guy about 10 years ago and we were roommates for a few years of that duration. I considered him a close friend at the time, but he moved across the country after graduating and we didn't keep in touch too often after that. Still, he invited me and my gf to his wedding when he got married a coupl years ago. I really appreciated the gesture and it was a fun time.

We didn't really keep in contact much afterwards, but a few months after the wedding, he messages me on Facebook. We shoot the breeze for a little bit before he brings up the fact that he noticed that my girlfriend posts pro-choice stuff on Facebook and asks how I make that work in our relationship. (Little more background: in college I had more conservative views but since then I've moved further left. This friend is very conservative). 

I'm completely taken aback. First of all, in my opinion, it's none of his damn business; and also, if we'd kept in touch better since college he'd have known that my own views align with my girlfriend's and not his own anymore.

It felt like his reaching out to me was motivated less by friendship and more from a desire to cast an aspersion on my girlfriend. Like it was a backhanded way of letting me know he didn't approve of our relationship, clearly assuming I still believe the same things I did years ago (instead of actually just asking me).

Anyways, I politely gave him a non-answer and ended the conversation shortly after. We have not talked since. I told my gf what he asked and she was understandably floored too.

My gf and I are getting engaged soon and thus we've been talking about the guest list and everything. We both agree we don't want to invite this guy, but I realize it can be an asshole move to go to someone's wedding and then not reciprocate the favor. 

AITA for not inviting him, even though he invited us to his wedding?My mum is dissatisfied with her job in a school that she's had for 27 years and says she really wants to become a foster parent but doesn't know how. I asked her to give me her phone, googled local fostering places and filled in a contact form with her details so they would call her. 


She filled in some forms they then sent her over a year ago now but keeps putting off finishing them. They wanted her to list her entire life story in chronological order and she said she didn't know what to write and wanted me to do it for her. I said I would type it up for her if she came over but she never has. She got a friend to make her a CV and she wanted me to edit it but I've never seen it. 


Today she had a really bad day at work so she asked me for my friend's number who has been a foster carer for years. She then said the kids she fosters would be my new siblings and would I mind baby sitting. 


I said no, I couldn't guarantee that I would. I said I have never baby sat in my entire life and wouldn't want that responsibility. I don't know what age the children would be, and I wouldn't be getting paid for it and it's not something I'm comfortable with. 


I grew up looking after my severely autistic sister (two years younger than me) and never wanted children of my own. I still look after her for the day once a fortnight and that's enough for me. 


My mum was extremely offended by my refusal to give her a straight yes. She said she didn't realise she had no support whatsoever. She said she would have to speak to her friend's daughter instead (in an attempt to make me jealous I think?). I said that was a good idea as she has kids and I know nothing about them.


She said 'what if I have a hospital appointment and need an emergency babysitter?' I said sure I'd like to think I could help but wouldn't like to put my name down for anything without knowing more about foster care and what it entails as we don't know anything yet. I said I think anyone would find that quite a reasonable response and that I would like to go now as the conversation was becoming really circular (she was just saying how she couldn't believe it over and over and acting shocked).


Truth is, any other person I MIGHT have said I would help to the best of my ability despite not really wanting to ever be put in that position...  But I can't be sure my mum wouldn't take advantage of me. I have this fear that it would be like my teen years all over again when she would go to a second job whilst I supervised my sister regularly. I also work from home, running my own business, so I envision her making me look after a whole new 'sibling' (as she calls it).


I feel like I was reasonable but she has a way of making me feel bad. Or am I really a bitch due to being overly cautious of being used? I'm not 100% certain. My mum does live alone and needs help after all. Where to draw the line is the difficult thing.My abusive ex (M22) and I (M20) broke up after I admitted that I cheated, we were together for almost 3 years. **I know very well I was the asshole for that** and I am not here to discuss that.

&#x200B;

Once I admitted what happened and told him how I made an honest mistake, he immediately went on Facebook and Grindr and posted what I did (he left that statement on Grindr for a month and a half). I ended up cutting all communication with everyone for 3 days for a hospitalization. I also asked the Dean of all residence halls to contact my ex on my behalf and ask if he was considering moving out, to which he decided to move to his fraternity house. He had to anyway given that he was going to be charged for an empty bed. After leaving the hospital, I deleted Life360. Immediately after, he reached out to me and harassed me and was pushing me to know where I was going while criticizing me for being defensive since I cheated. I explained to him that I wasn't ready (and he wasn't either) so I wanted to give space, and he refused to respect that.

&#x200B;

We shared a college dorm for a year and a half. The university was already aware of one incident of physical violence and my friends noticed his tendencies. Our suitemates were aware of our fights and saw how drained I was in the relationship. My friends saw how he put me down constantly and how he was emotionally and verbally abusive. There was clear evidence of domestic abuse. After explaining the situation to the dean of students, she provided me the option to move with a no-contact order, to which I decided to move forward with given his nature and how I was not expecting him to mature anytime soon. This was evident when he manipulated the story to say that I was the one demanding that I stayed with him up to a week after we broke up and that I demanded that he left our dorm. I heard this from our mutual friends (who would later ghost me) and that he was hoping to clear his name from any wrongdoing, claiming I was the abusive one. The order is not disciplinary until it is broken by either party and neither of us has maintained any form of communication whatsoever. Hell, I didn't even see him until yesterday to which he was half a block away and I had to hide out of his sight.

&#x200B;

AITA for putting that no-contact order?First I wanna apologize if this seems messy. I'm autistic and bad at explaining things so here we go. I'm really stuck in a rock and a hard place. The decision hasn't been made yet but I just need help on what to do. What's making the decision hard is that I don't understand social queues. So my ex from highschool recently came back into my life in August 2019. We had talked previously before. However she had just broken up with her ex of 5 years (let's call me ex1). She reached out because of our history. We always were connected deeply and understood eachother. So I was there for her. Then a mutual friend died in a car crash in September so we spent more time together. During that time we went to Kings Island and trained for a 5K together and hung out basically every other day. Well we did the 5K in October early in the morning, so I spent the night. Next morning, I slept on the couch and she was still in bed, so I complained about it jokingly. She then invited me to bed and we cuddled for a bit. Then after a few moments, we got up and got dressed. Then we ran the 5K and boy was that an experience hahaha. After the 5K, we decide to make food and drink. Alot. We finished a bottle of wine, drank some beers and things got sexual between us. We started biting eachother, grinded/groped alot. I left before things got any more intense. She sent me a photo of her neck and I sent mine. We talked about it and decided to be just friends. She starts talking to someone else and we start to disconnect. Two months go by and I haven't heard anything from her. I decided to reach out to her and we grab breakfast. She tells me they broke up because he was horribly clingy. So we start talking again. We hang out more and more. I bring up the fact that I'm going to a wedding of an old mutual friend. "Hey can I go as your date? But you have to ask me officially", she says. I'm kinda surprised by this. So I played along and asked. She said yes and started looking at dresses, showing them to me and asking my opinion. Well we get into it and start talking. I let her know I'm worried about making her uncomfortable and she said, "I'm okay with things getting frisky, it's a wedding and no one wants to go alone to that." However, I'm worried. I still love her and I always have. Shes sent me pictures, done stuff that feels like flirting (rubbing my leg with her leg, sending me pickup lines, grabbing/holding me) and I can never tell what shes thinking. I'm worried about getting too emotional and placing/forcing my emotions on her when she just wants to be friends. That's why I'm having second thoughts because it's unfair to her but I'm scared to have that "how do you feel about us" talk again and losing her. A bit of background: My aunt (Dad’s sister, 40’s?) lives with my grandmother (dad’s mom) with three cats. Two belong to my aunt, one is my grandma’s. My aunt has no job, provides no income, and is verbally abusive towards my grandmother. Despite my aunt’s name being on the cat’s microchip, she does not care for them. My grandma pays for their food, vet bills, cleans their litter boxes, and handles everything else for them.

On to the story: Recently my aunt was hospitalized because she wasn’t managing her diabetes and her medications were having bad side effects with each other. It was nothing life threatening, she was just retaining a lot of water and needed to have her fluids monitored. At the same time my other aunt was going on vacation and asked my Grandma to watch her dog in another city, so I was tasked with house and pet sitting. When I got there, we noticed some large mats on the orange tabby Cooper. We called my grandma to ask permission for us to shave him because she pays for everything for them and in everything but name he’s her cat. She said yes, so my mom and I sat down with the pet clippers we use on our dog to shave some of the smaller mats. That didn’t work on the larger ones, so we made an appointment to get him shaved at the vet (Out of our own pocket).

Well my aunt heard about this from the hospital, called my dad, and screamed at him for touching her cat without her permission. She then called my grandma, screamed at her, saying it “triggered her” (her words) because when she was five her aunt cut her hair without asking and it “gave her PTSD.” Aunt swore at my grandma and reduced her to tears. My grandma called my dad crying and my dad had to comfort her.

That night when we went over to feed them, my mom sat down with our heavy duty pet clippers we got from my moms mom that they used on their chow mix and got as many of the mats off as we could. What we couldn’t get off, we used scissors to cut (removing the top layer) and break up enough that he could move properly. I had no problem with this, Cooper is happier and more energetic now. I still wish we could have taken him to the vet to have him sedated and fully shaved, but we got as much off as we could. It ended up being about a pound of mats off a ten pound cat.

Are we the assholes for shaving the cat after my aunt told us not to?

Before and after of the cat:  https://imgur.com/a/UQc7c56A little bit of backstory: I (16,f) have a PC and a laptop both for school and free time (I use the laptop for writing on stories etc) and use both pretty frequently. My laptop however often just freezes and everything I wrote is gone which is why I asked my brother (B - 19,m) if he had any chance to get a cheap laptop for me (I would've paid) since he works in a pc store and he said he'd look into it.

A few weeks passed and he asked me if I wanted to join him, his girlfriend and 2 friends of him (V&J) on his private modded minecraft server and I agreed. Now, B has a habit of always needing to be in control and can't stand other people having more attention (being asked for help etc) so he'd often get mad when his girlfriend or I asked J if he could help us with something MC related. B would then get pissed and just leave the server which then would miraculously crash a few minutes after. V&J then build something B didn't like and instead of telling them, he came to me and when I told him not to be so childish he threatened to delete the server.

A few days later suddenly the server was broken and the world unable to save so we'd get a new server. B complained about every change in his system J recommended and the server again would often crash when B left. Some days ago another friend of B joined the server and did something to piss V&J off who then trolled him a little and accidentally killed him (he still had all his stuff though) and he rage quited.

Again instead of confronting them he told me to come to his discord immediately and again complained and told me to say them if they ever did sth like that again he'd Bann them. I (who heard everything that happened with them) told him it wasn't that bad and he said his GF told him otherwise and he'd trust her more than me (They had an on-off relationship for the past year and he even forbids her to have contact to other guys). I was pissed at that told him a year ago he told me she was just good to bang and nothing else and left. (I like her really much though).
After that the server again crashed and I wrote him a text saying I was sick of him threatening and controlling me and that he should stop acting like a kid. He banned me from the server and his discord after that and even called our mom to complain about me.

Remember that laptop from earlier? He send me a picture of it and wrote "Thanks, now I can keep it. Mom won't pay if you act like that" (she never said that) I again told him he was acting childish and he didn't respond. GF, V&J agree with me but my mom is pissed at me.

AITA?So I\[22M\] am Bi but I don't really get involved with the LGBQT scene or have a lot of stereotypical "gay" interests. It's not that I have any issue with it but my sexuality has never been a big part of my identity. I have also had some issues, specifically with gay guys, when telling people. Either I am portrayed as a poser or as a gay guy that is too afraid to come fully out of the closet and honestly it is wicked annoying. This has led me to be very hesitant when telling people and unless it is directly relevant I usually just don't talk about it. Heck even a lot of my close family and friends don't know.

&#x200B;

Now onto the incident in question. Last week I was hanging out with this girl that I have been friends with for a year or two and somehow the fact that I am Bi came out in conversation. It was something about platonic relationships with different sexes being hard due to potential attraction and me saying that it's not that big of a deal because I have to deal with that for all my friends. She seemed astonished and was a bit peeved that I never told her even after I knew her for so long. Now every time I see her she brings it up, asks me if I think different guys are cute, and wants me to do stereotypical gay things with her. I told her that I am not that into crap like that and she said she was trying to make up for lost time because I didn't tell her for so long. So AITA for not telling people about my sexuality even if they are close friends that I have known for a significant amount of time?I'm(16F) pretty sure I'm a compulsive liar. I realized this quite recently too. In my childhood I needed to to keep my friends due to drama. My friends would ditch me, ask me if it was okay for them to do that, then come back later in the school year and ask if I was okay.

 However, this has still continued, and nowadays I have a lot of trust issues with letting people get close to me and see how sensitive I really am. I look young for my age and often act mean because if how much people took advantage of me when I was younger. But now I feel like it's spiraled out, and I feel so lonely and regretful for how I treat people when they leave me. I

realized this after a guy asked me out publically in class, and I said no in front of everybody, but then after the fact realized i would have said yes if he asked me personally. I also lie when someone calls me out on saying some not true. 

I realized this was a problem and told one of my 3 main friends about it, and I asked her what to do so that I could make more friends. When I told her about how I have trust issues, she told me everybody does and i need to get over it. When i asked how to stop being an asshole and lying, she told me to "just think twice before I said something". I told her I don't because it's compulsive , I need to have a fast reaction time, which I can only do in a public social situation by lying. She then told me that I have too and that it isn't that hard to think before I speak. She also told me that everybody has issues with trust and that I need to stop being so "pity me".

So i decided i would try that, but i still said a lot of things that where mean. And I also started to pick up more about what she was exactly saying, which is making me over think about how I should be treating her.

I've been to therapy in the past, but I really just can't open up to a lot of them. When I did, we'd have problems getting more sessions with them. The last therapist I opened up to also really didn't focus on the main problems, and only helped with small ones. And due to my school schedule I feel like I'm wasting time if I do go. Along with that I dont want to waste my parents' money on it if it doesn't help. After talking to my friend, I feel even more like a burden than I already do to my friends. Am I really in the majority about trust issues?

 Am I the asshole for not being able to take her advice?My husband and I have these couple friends. They’re very “keep up with the Jones” kind of folks and very carefully manage their image. They often like to bring up in detail how much money they make/how great their house is/how when their careers take off they’ll be “working with celebrities”/etc. 

They recently decided to get pregnant, and my husband was talking to them about it. They began proudly talking about how all of their prenatal care and hospital expenses will be free because she qualifies for Medicaid. 

My husband was surprised as they always talk up their financial situation to a very strong degree and theoretically shouldn’t need Medicaid. Also, he figured that she should be able to qualify as a domestic partner on his insurance since they’ve been living together for some time. He brought that up to them, but they continued going on about how she will qualify for Medicaid because she doesn’t work & they’re not married/no one can prove that they’re living together and financially operating as a couple. 

They said they didn’t want to put her on his  company insurance even though they could because if you can cheat the system and get it for free, then you’re really stupid if you don’t. My husband told them that that’s unethically taking advantage of benefits that are supposed to be for the underprivileged.

Now they’re pissed at us because he called them out and they feel we are accusing them of unethical behavior/defrauding the government. 

Are we the assholes?Here's how it went down. I was telling my friend about my running goals. 

Me: Initially I was thinking of setting my half marathon goal to this. But I have 3 months, so maybe I can actually aim higher. 

Him: Yes, you can  
And don't think that there's only one way to improve  
You can add variation to your training  
Instead of aiming for higher speeds directly, aim for longer runs at slower speeds  
That would marginally improve your capacity of maintaining higher speeds for shorter runs

Me: You're mansplaining. I'm already doing that. 

Him: I am? Don't call it mansplaining  
I like sharing stuff  
As I did with \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  
Was that mansplaining as well?

Me: okay, let's call it...unsolicited advice. Mansplaining has different connotations.

\---------

This led to a lot of passive-aggression on his part, which I tried to allay by offering to explain why I'd said that. 

The thing is...I'm not new to running, and having a varied training routine is one of the most basic and important parts of any training routine, so naturally, I do that already. Plus, I didn't ask him for advice on improving. I might have been absolutely fine with it if he'd said something along the lines of "Do you have variation in your training?" or phrased it so that it didn't sound as if he was giving me brand new information that I couldn't possibly have known. 

Either way, I think I may have slightly blown my slight irritation out of proportion by calling what he did "mansplaining".  So Reddit, am I the asshole?I've been debating posting this for a while, but last month was my mom's birthday and I wanted to do something special for her.
She's been wanting a Switch since they came out (she's a huge zelda fan!), but unfortunately my parents haven't been able to afford it. I'd been picking up extra hours for a month or two to buy it for her.

But now my dad is angry with me over it because he feels like I was trying to show him up or something. Says I made him feel like a bad husband for not being able to afford these things, but that his college age daughter could. That wasn't the intent at all, but I feel like I misread the situation.

Now he's mentioning things like "You should've put that money towards paying back your loans, buying a new car, etc" I think he has a point, but I also think I should be able to spend my money to do what I thought was a nice thing for them. Especially since I didn't save any less or pay off any less than I usually do to buy it for her.

AITA for buying my mom a switch and upsetting my dad over it?So, this is a typical debate. Siblings in the wedding party or no? My fiancé and I had decided that we weren’t going to have any siblings be in our wedding, because we have a lot of siblings together and don’t think that it’s necessary to do out of obligation. Being immediate family at the wedding is enough in my opinion. Along with that, two of my sisters are over 10 years younger than me, so we aren’t really close. Don’t get me wrong, I love them very much. But our sibling relationship is very different as I moved out of the house at 17 and we didn’t really grow up together. I do have one sister closer in age to me, and we are very close. However, she has expressed that she isn’t really interested in being in the wedding party. Fine with me, no issue there.

Fast forward two months and we have asked our friends that we would like to include. I asked my best friend since childhood to be my maid of honor, my fiancé asked his two best friends to be his best men. We were going to complete it at that. Then, yesterday I get a call from my fiancé’s sister telling me he has expressed wanting to have a third friend be a groomsman. I said there’s no issues, I knew he wanted the third friend to be included and he can however he wants. She then lectures me on how I need to include my own sisters to “make both sides even.”

I talk to my fiancé last night about it (most of the discussion was about how it was inappropriate for him to handle something like that by having his sister call me - we all agree he was in the wrong there and that’s not up for debate). However, I told him to have who he wants and include the third friend but not to pressure me to have people I don’t want - essentially that we should each have the people we want in our wedding party and screw having the sides be even. He told me that it’s weird to have it uneven and that “it would suck for one of the guys to have to walk alone.” However, our original plan was to have uneven sides anyway with his two best men and my one maid of honor so I didn’t really buy that argument. 

I basically said that he can choose to include his friend and have the sides be uneven, or he can choose to have it be more even and not include him. We could also have him be an usher or something, I’m fine with whatever. However, I said I was not going to budge and be pressured to include people - being my sisters - that I don’t want.

AITA for refusing to have my sisters be part of my wedding party so that the sides can be even? 

Thanks in advance for your input!Possible throwaway account.
A little bit of background information. 
This boy has liked me before, but he’s a big pervert who jerks off in class. I tried to be nice to him which made him lose his crush.
He’s had a crush on my gf (who I’ve been dating for over a month) and he’s been trying to steal her from me. Today he kissed her cheek without her permission. He told her to keep it a secret from me. She told me of course, and I told him off. I feel like a jerk...
I don’t even know if I’m being overprotective! I never had to protect my ex since no one was interested in her other than me so I don’t know if this is going too far. I’m not even sure what my gf thinks since she’s super socially awkward and she avoids making scenes which leads to her not defending herself. Heck, I’m not sure if she’s lying to me to avoid making me mad! 
I’m so confused, pissed, sad, and happy at the same time. I typed this out on mobile real quick so my grammar and structure is probably off. Please, give me some advice if you have any. I don’t want anyone to be the bad guy in the situation, I just want this to end...
Edit: Fuck. Just realized me being on mobile deleted the entire story.
Here are some main points cause I don’t wanna type it out again.
-he used to like me but quickly dropped his crush on me to like his gf
-we’ve been dating for a few months and I’ve told him this multiple times. Every time I told him his he refused to believe it, telling me it’s impossible for her to be a lesbian
-she had told him she doesn’t like him back and has no attraction to him.I’m in a call with my friend who had just gotten Red Dead 2 on pc.  He tells me that I should get it so we could play together.  So I do and let it download overnight, the next day, I text him and ask him if he’s down to play and he agrees to.  We get in a call and he says that he told me the day prior that he was gonna complete the story mode before he started doing online stuff which I don’t remember him saying at all.  I got mad at him because that was money I could have used in other situations and he told me to “quit bitching because what’s done is done.”  Am I the asshole for getting mad?My friend puts on some shindigs every friday and saturday for hangouts and board games and whatnot. Getting a headcount for these sort of things is reasonable, and I get that. But he wants us to let him know by Monday of that week. My other friend and I tried to tell him that that's probably too early to gauge what other weekend plans we'll have. We're in college, our parents sometimes needs us to come home on weekends, we might have group projects that to work on, and have other things that might come up. So each week we're basically telling him "most likely", but he's insisting that we tell him definitively by Monday every week, Yes or No, so we're most likely just going to stop going to them altogether. I'm not sure what's reasonable here.     Edit: Sorry for bad formatting I’m new to reddit.
      
      So I’m in 7th grade about to do the mile and we’re hanging out on the blacktop before our teacher calls us over and everybody has their water bottles out. I’m hanging out with 2 of my friends and let’s call them “T” and “G”.

T: *Hands me random girls water bottle*

Me: “Thanks?” 

      I bend down to put water bottle back and the girl let’s call her “Girl”

Girl: “What are you doing”

Me: “Putting the water bo-

T and G: “He was drinking it”

Me: “Whaa?”

T: “He was drinking out of you’re water bottle”

G: “Yeah bro you can’t do that”

      Now I know my friends are joking but the girl doesn’t know that. 

Girl: *Surprised Pikachu face*

Me: “nah I wasn’t drinking out of it I was just putting it down”

T: “no bro you were drinking it”

Me: “mmk I didn’t but ok”

      I start to walk over to the field after the teacher called us over to get ready for the mile but while we were talking, another of Girl’s friend came over and let’s call her “GF” 

GF: “What the hell is wrong with you”

Me: “What?...oh before, I didn’t drink the water”

GF: “Yeah well I don’t care you need to apologize, Girl is crying”

      I look over to see Girl red face crying and I feel a little bad but I remember I didn’t do anything.

Me: “look I didn’t do anything I just put down the water after T gave it to me”

GF: “I don’t care apologize”

Me: “No I’m not going to apologize to Girl after I put 
down the water to give it back to her”

T: “I gave him the water it’s fine he didn’t drink it”

G: “Yeah he didn’t do anything”

GF raising her voice a bit: “Listen you better apologize like what the fuck is wrong with you, Girl is literally saying have him apologize”

Me slightly annoyed because she’s acting like a did what I didn’t do: “How about you mind you’re own fucking business”

      GF then walked away and I’m left here wondering AITA?

      Edit: I am aware not apologizing was a douche move but in the heat of the moment I was just mad she actually thought I drank Girls water.For context, I'm 29. My friend Ben(29) recently starting dating Laura(22). We’re all making an effort to try to get to know her, but she’s very immature and can be pretty annoying at times. Basically she’s like a stereotypical “blonde bimbo”, which I do feel bad saying but it’s honestly the best way to describe what I’m talking about. 

So last night Ben and I were at our friend Kip(31)’s house, and Ben mentioned that he might text Laura to come over. Kip said, “I don’t know if I have the energy for her. She’s nice or whatever, but she’s really fucking annoying.” Ben said to me, “You don’t think she’s annoying, do you?” I said, “Yeah, but everyone is annoying when they’re twenty-two.” Kip then immediately started singing that Taylor Swift song and I started laughing. Ben then said, “You guys are such fucking dicks. I knew you’d make this about her age.” Then he left to go hang out with her.

So I texted Ben and said, “Hey, I wasn’t trying to be a dick. I think Laura’s nice.” He said, “It’s not that you said she was annoying, it’s that you said she was annoying because she’s twenty-two. That was a dick thing to say.” I’m not sure where he’s coming from and he doesn’t seem to want to talk about it more. 

AITA?I've sort of grown tired of this friend group I'm in, particularly there's this one individual (let's call him friend B) who acts like a guru and offers a lot of unsolicited advice. At first I appreciated his advice, but then I've come to realize that he can be judgmental and outright rude and patronizing. Friend B would talk about friend A and prod at his issues when he's not around. He would justify it by saying that he's just worried about him, but friend B almost always manages to bring up friend A at some point in our conversations. Friend B would judge friend A's mistakes and/or decisions, and I feel like friend B cares more about us following his advice rather than supporting us and accepting us as who we are. What bothered me most is when friend B started talking about friend A's relationship and even going as far as jabbing at friend A's significant other's appearance.

I understand that this is probably the nuclear option and there would be no going back if I did this. Admittedly I've also partaken in the trash talking as well because of how friend B tried to make it look like constructive criticism and genuine worry, which is why I feel guilty and have the need to tell him about it. I have told friend A already that there's been talking behind his back, but I haven't gotten specific about it. I'm a little worried that it'll blow up in my face but I haven't felt this type of petty drama and toxicity until I started becoming acquainted with friend B.I've been sick for a week now, coughing, running nose and sneezing nonstop. My friends, lets call them Mary, Anne, Jane, and I planned a study day together for Tuesday, we were gonna study invidually but at a cafe so we are gonna go there together. And that cafe is really far from my house i have to use 3 different busses to go there.

On Monday the one who actually planned this, lets call her Mary, asked when we are gonna meet in the morning is 8.30 okay. I had to go to hospital so i told them can we make it 9 because i need to go to hospital. Mary said 8.30 is better we shouldnt be late. At this point i was like wtf because if we start studying 30 min late nothing is gonna happen, the other two said im okay with anything, nothing was talked after that. Next morning on Tuesday i was at the hospital but doctor said we need to make some more tests because it may be something bad. I texted the group im at hospital and need more time here you guys have a nice working day. None of them said anything. All day none of them asked me if im alright, do i need help, is there anything important. Nothing.

Today, Mary and I have the same class. I was late and went to the back row because i dont wanna annoy anyone with my coughing, sneezing and running nose. She didnt come to me, she didnt talk to me. In the break our other friend Anne came to the class to see her boyfriend, they all talked, i was at back like half sleeping position. After the break Anne texted me if i am feeling okay or just sleepy and i told her im sick, she said get well soon.

I know Mary is mad at me because i didnt join them study but i am broken that she didnt care when i said i have to go to hospital lets make it half an hour late, they didnt ask me if i am alright. She hurt me the most not Jane or Anne because I know Jane is not the nicest girl to care about me but wouldnt expect this from Mary because she is the most thoughtful one and now she is not talking to me so im disappointed. AITA here?We recently traveled overseas to East Asia from the US for the groom's bachelor party for 1 week. As the best man, I was tasked with planning the whole trip and I started planning months in advance, working closely with the groom. During our planning period, he mentioned he wanted to see exotic dancers at one point, but I looked around and saw that it costs $150 per person for one hour. When he proposed the idea, I was not too keen on the idea so, we never really made a final consensus. A big reason was cost. I work full-time minimum wage so I do not have much money to begin with. Since I was already spending over $1500+, not getting paid for a week, etc, I didn't like the idea of blowing $150 in one hour for some dancers. He didn't push for the dancers after that one proposal, but weeks later after our bachelor party, he hits me up saying he wants another bachelor party to make up for it because the last one didn't "feel" like one. He said he was expecting a surprise (bring him to dancers) for the bachelor party so that it "feels" like a bachelor party and all he got was a one week trip overseas with friends. During that trip, we all toured around the country, but we never really got to do some typical bachelor stuff like drinking at a bar until we got drunk. This is mostly because we toured around places all day so when night hit, we were all exhausted. The one night we did try to drink, it was ruined by a rude restaurant owner and we just kind of lost the mood to drink after leaving.

It was my first time going to a bachelor party myself so my expectations were different. I thought a lot of bachelor parties are just friends hanging out for one night. I thought I was already doing WAY more than most people by going overseas for 7 days, planning out the schedule with the groom, getting all the reservations, and guiding all the party members in that country since I was the only person who spoke the native language. And now I'm the asshole for not surprising him with dancers or doing a typical bachelor party thing for him. I already plan on getting him another bachelor party, but I don't know if I'm in the wrong and I should apologize for the first one.*Disclosure: I love dogs and my roommates, sorry it is so long*

I live with three other people, and we are all full time students. One of my roommates is my best friend, and recently she’s been struggling with her mental health. She also is under a lot of financial stress, due to college, rent, sports, and other things.

A few weeks ago, she let us know that because she has been struggling with her mental health lately, she was going to get a dog. The next day, a puppy came home! He is one year old, and mostly not house trained (or trained at all). He is a very sweet dog and all of the roommates like him, but we are all having some frustrations.

The first issue is that we were never asked about the dog, just informed the day before that she would be getting one. Now, being her best friend, I had known for about a week or so how her mental health was. She refused to tell her parents or seek (free) therapy at our school, along with many other, less permanent, options. So I told her parents because I didn’t know what else to do. I am not at all trying to discount her mental health. I am just frustrated that she skipped so many steps in the path towards improving it.

Next, is the issue that she is gone most of the day. She works a lot of hours, is a full time student, and an athlete. She often leaves the house at 6 for work. When she is gone and the pup is in his kennel, he will bark and cry for literally hours until she comes home. Because of the crying, I let him out sometimes, but have to be constantly on alert because he is not house trained. I don’t mind interacting with him at all, he is a sweetheart, it’s just frustrating that I can never be productive at home because he is either crying or i have to babysit him.

The most recent problem is mildly infuriating. This dog came from the shelter with anxiety medicine. He clearly is anxious when in his crate or when out and my roommate isn’t home. He paces, can’t settle down, and whines for hours if he’s out while she is gone. The other day, I texted her to ask if i could give him some medicine, because three of us were home trying to study for midterms and he was having a fit in his kennel. She said sure, so i gave it to him with some peanut butter. Later that evening, she let me know that she threw the rest of the medicine away because “ he was so boring and had no personality” when on them.

Since getting the dog almost a month ago, i’ve noticed that not only has her mood not seemed to improve, it’s gotten worse. She seems to be mad at us all the time and just hides in her room even more than before.

AITA or is this whole situation frustrating? I feel like i’m being walked all over because of her behavior. One of my roommates is considering subleasing. I'm worried that I'm not being a good friend when my best friend is struggling. Am I the asshole?When I do laundry, I don't turn anything 'right side out.' If it comes inside-out, it gets washed inside out and folded inside out. AFAIC, the person who put it in the hamper that way can 'undo' it themselves.

My wife, OTOH, thinks this is BS. She flips everything around, but then complains how long it takes her to do the laundry. 

Who's the AH?So let me be real here. I tell jokes, I'm a joker, I like making people laugh, whatever. We got it? Good.

Now one day a group of people and I were chatting, and SOMEHOW the talk of escorts comes up in the chatter. I say why would I pay like $200 for some escort when I can pay a prostitute $50 to make me feel like I matter for 5 minutes. 

&#x200B;

Everyone calls me out, for reasons unknown, and someone says "Maybe we should just go off and do something else..." and so they decided to talk about something COMPLETELY off topic for me to not follow along.

&#x200B;

So Reddit I ask: AITAH for making a comparison between "Hard working Escorts" and prostitutes?I’ve recently been hired to manage a property under construction. 

When the developer bought it it was abandoned in a lower class neighborhood and had been for some time. A few homeless people were living inside the structure, a few more slept there on occasion. 

It’s not even close to being up to code yet, and it’s the owner’s responsibility (really mine, because I was hired to oversee the place) if anyone gets hurt on the property. 

The structure is falling down, there’s a lot of danger on the site, and the construction is making it way less safe, not more, for at least a few more months in these early stages. 

I took some precautions, like putting up “no trespassing” signs and locking the main entrances. But that wasn’t enough, there were still people coming in to sleep and/or treating the place as a dwelling/storage space. 

I came in and explained everyone had to move on because the lot had been sold. But not one person actually left. 

I had to escalate it at that point and hired a security guard and installed some motion alarms. The security guard was instructed to give any trespassers a verbal warning, and if they didn’t leave, to call and have them arrested. 

Within a week I was getting complaints from the surrounding community saying we were “criminalizing poverty” and I should let them stay because they weren’t bothering anyone. 

I feel terrible that the city doesn’t provide these guys better support, but I also don’t want to lose my job, a month or two without work and I’d be where they are. 

Am I the asshole for forcing them out?Title sounds bad but hear me out.

I moved into my boyfriend's mother's rental property with my boyfriend a year and a half ago. He told me that his mother was charging us $800/month for rent and utilities, so $400 for each of us, which is well below market rate. I was very happy about that, and every month, I sent my boyfriend $400 to give to his mom for my half of the rent.

Imagine my surprise when his mother mentioned to me that she was only charging us the cost of monthly utilities and upkeep, $200/month. I confirmed with her that she only intended for us to be paying $200/month and she said thats what my boyfriend had been paying her all along. Turns out that my boyfriend was using my money to pay his mother and then pocketing half of it, while contributing nothing himself.

I confronted my boyfriend about this and he didn't deny it, but said that since it was his other's house, he could charge me whatever rent he wanted and this was essentially a "finder's fee" since it's only because of him that I'm paying way under market value. We NEVER discussed this arrangement before and I am livid. I told him that he needs to pay me back every cent of the extra $300 I was paying for the last year and a half. He said I'm being selfish and ungrateful because $400/month is much lower than what I would be paying if I lived alone and he can charge what he wants because it's his mother's house. Am I the asshole for not wanting to pay anymore?About 2 months ago, I was looking at my dads dogs feet, just because I like to subconsciously worry about things. Well, I noticed a wart/scrap? On his foot. It was very small, and you can't notice it unless you look for it. Well, I was gonna watch and see if it changed, but I havnt been because I dont want to worry about it. He has a countless number of moles/warts on him, and the vet told my dad they are nothing to worry about. I'm afraid to look at it again, in case it did get worse, and it will send me into a full blown panic. Or maybe IWBTA if I didnt look at it, and it did end up being something serious? I would have brought up to my dad a long time ago, but he will just think I'm worrying too much (I usually do) but I've been right a couple times regarding his dog, and cat. WIBTA if I just forgot about it, so that I don't have to stress about it?So I work in local campaigns.

My last one was for a guy who was running for office for the first time. And for an office considered pretty lofty, especially for the first-time run for public office. He got fired from his government job because he wanted to run for office. He saved for years, so he had enough to pay his mortgage and for his family, basically.

I agreed to work for him for a reasonable salary per month. But I had explained to him that my price for him was *not* representative of how much these races usually cost. In fact, I actually lowered my rate by $1,000 a month, even though I had been offered my rate, plus that thousand, for a race before this one, and for an office that was lower on the totem than what this person wanted to run for.

He told me how much he wanted this, it was his dream, and that he would cut anyone out of his life if they intentionally tried to hurt his campaign. Would tell me that the campaign was about helping his family, and that people who weren't willing to support us were essentially taking food out his family's mouth.

The problem with campaigns, though, is that you have to raise your own salary. So both myself, as campaign manager, and the candidate, came to the agreement that I would receive back pay for all the time I worked for him (and to his credit, he paid me one and a quarter month's salary at one point) by the primary.

Well months go on, and I have been working 70 hours a week. I got into a car accident on my birthday and was told it would be $2,000 to fix. Easily rectified, if I had been paid consistently. But instead, I was expected to either use my parents' cars, get an Uber, or call him or his son for rides to meetings, events, canvassing, etc.

Also, I should mention, he is a foster father. And that's where I start feeling like the a-hole.

A few weeks before I resigned, he told me that he had cashed out and refinanced his home so that he could put that money in the campaign account so he could pay me.

But his savings started to run out, hence the refinance and why he could only pay me for a month and a quarter, and the refinance was also supposed to pay for his personal expenses for him, his two adopted teenage boys, and his foster teen.

He never signed one of my contracts, even though my attorney said the mere fact that I worked for him, was on payroll, and documented all actions I took for 8 months, that it doesn't matter, and a court would rule in my favor. 

But since the end of January, I've tried begging him bascially for the money (which totals over $22,000). My attorney sent him the letter saying he has 10 days to pay me, or I'll be suing him for the money, plus attorney fees, interest, etc.

But the second a lawsuit goes out, it will be public. Everyone will know what he did, and it may sink him to a point that he can't recover.

WIBTA if I intentionally sink his campaign to recoup the wages I'm owed? Even if he is a foster father???

A good friend of mine (M24) is seeing a guy (18), and age difference aside, my friend says he’s very much in love, and wants to plan for a future with him. 

I’ve known incredibly mature 18 year olds, but this guy is not one, and the difference in lifestyle is, in my opinion, way more of a roadblock than their ages. My friend (MF) has a great job in engineering, whist his BF is trying to make it in music, whilst still living at home with his parents - parents who know about the relationship, but don’t support it, because of the age difference. 

I’ve known MF since we were kids, and our other friends and I are getting worried - he’s constantly on-edge, dating a guy he’s never been able to give us any positive thoughts about other than ‘I love him’, and I legitimately believe he’s uncomfortable about the relationship himself, either because the basic difference in lifestyle between a college student and a working guy in his 20s is massive, or because he feels under-supported by someone who’s not emotionally mature enough to provide that support. 

I’m aware this sounds like I’m shitting on the BF - he’s not a bad dude, just an 18 year old guy with next to no dating experience, who probably needs a few years of being a teenager, rather than adjusting to a very ‘adult’ lifestyle before he’s ready. 

MF on the other hand is very clear about what he wants his near future to look like - marriage (legal now!), a house, kids and the whole thing. He needs emotional support, and I constantly hear about how BF is failing to supply it. What’s more, they broke up recently, and I swear to God, MF came back to himself - it was like a weight had been lifted. We spent a weekend away with the guys, and it was great - he was brighter and happier than he’s seemed in a year. This lasted all of a week, before they were back together, and now we’re back at Square 1. 

I’m worried for my friend, now more than ever, and I want to sit him down and talk through what he’s feeling, and try and figure out whether cutting this dude loose would improve matters. Only, MF has a good track record of responding badly to what he sees as ‘tough love’ (a gentle norm in our group), and my biggest fear is him getting defensive, pulling away, and winding up with no support system other than whatever lacking understanding BF can provide. He’s also never been good with the concept of ‘as your friend, I will support you, but I don’t have to approve’ - my support is virtually unconditional, but I don’t believe my ‘approval’ should be. If he loves the guy, frankly, my approval shouldn’t matter. 

My question, Reddit, is this: WIBTA for telling my friend his BF is bad for him? I have no interest in breaking them up, if MF is committed to making this work, but I feel like something needs to be said.My (21F) mother (46F) came barging into my room this morning demanding I give her a cigarette. I tell her to hold on for a minute because I'm doing my makeup. She then leaves my room and says to have it ready for her by the time she comes back. A minute or so later she comes back and I tell her to just wait until I'm done. She then goes on a rant about how she will never do anything for me if I ask for a favour and leaves and buys her own cigarettes. I would've happily given her a cigarette right then and there had she just came in and asked and waited for me to finish what I was doing.

This happened in the morning and it's 7pm and she hasn't talked to me since.

If it's of any relevance I pay my parents $125 a week to live in the family home.

AITA?So some background information: I have been friends with this one girl for 3 years, and we are close friends. We usually allow each other to vent through each other to calm each other down. We are both high school students in the same grade. 

So I’m a quiet guy, I don’t talk much, I only really talk to my friends or when I need to talk to like answer a question. So I really don’t talk about my feelings to people besides this girl. So a week ago I told her something about my ex-girlfriend that happened in the time that me and my ex were together. I couldn’t stop thinking about it and I needed someone to just give me some advise to get rid of these thoughts in my mind. So with my lack of friends and her being one of my closest, she was my choice to vent through. She tried to help but sadly it didn’t work as planned. But for some reason she thought it was a good idea to start spreading rumors about it. Now I’m getting getting all these people messaging me and telling me to stop spreading stuff. I kept telling them “I don’t know what you are talking about.” But after like the 10th person I asked “who told you about all of this.” And they told me a chain of people until it lead to my friend that I vented to. So with me being all mad now, I started yelling at her over text on how bad of a friend she is for spreading my person information. My guidance councilor told me that this can be considered a type of bullying. I didn’t charge her with anything or get the school involved, but am I the asshole for yelling at her and getting all mad at her?Hey guys! This is my first post here and the format might be a bit wonky because I’m posting on my phone. Anyways, onto the situation.

So I’m the owner of a relatively small discord server that is used by a group of friends (about fifty in total). Within this discord we’ve got a channel where we allow people to just vent our their frustrations, but it seems like one of our members is using this as a place to talk about their money issues and ask for our support. For context most of us are broke college kids, but we still tried to help them out when they ask. However, this has been going on for months now, and they constantly ask for money in the Vent chat. As the owner of the server I don’t know what to do here. I’ve thought about approaching the member but I’d feel like an asshole for doing it. So, would I be the antagonist?First time mom to be. We have two cats that are insanely annoying, get into everything. I’m talking, clawing through any food packaging left out, chew threw anything and everything; such as amazon boxes, will pry the closet door open so that we wake up to a pile of junk in the living room every morning. The list goes on. Most recently they peed in our hamper, for no reason. My husband is obsessed with the cats. After the hamper incident, I started kicking them out of the bedroom, it took me forever to get the smell out and do not want a repeat. My husband routinely tried to allow them back in the room, against my wishes. My baby shower is in a few weeks and our home is full with presents waiting to be opened until the nursery is painted. They have chewed baby books, pulled a mobile out of its packaging and probably would have destroyed it if I wasn’t home to catch it. Now we have a few pieces put together, the stroller (an expensive one) and a bouncer. Both are black so in addition to them clawing at it, I don’t want cat hair all over them before he gets here - so I have been spraying them with a water bottle to get them away from it and yelling “get off!” - my husband told me that this equates to animal abuse. I am at a loss. Am I really the asshole for trying to stop them from destroying my sons stuff and/or getting cat hair on everything before he arrives??I’m in college right now (5 hours from home) and my mom has 3 dogs and one pig. Technically one of the dogs isn’t even hers, it’s my sister’s boyfriend’s dog that she is keeping for now (long story). I previously lived with my her for about a year and a lot of our arguments were about the animals. I love them but like anything else they can be a real pain in the ass with their messes. 

To the point: I was talking with her on the phone today and Spring Break is coming up so we were talking about my plans. I wanted to visit a friend but my mom had another suggestion. A bunch of family is coming to my aunt’s place (different city, 4 hours away from home) the last weekend of my Spring Break and she needs a babysitter for the animals while her and my dad go visit. I was honest and said that I don’t like that idea and I would rather not be a babysitter. Her tone changed and she said “Okay I guess I’ll tell them I can’t go” and the phone call ended shortly after that. I think she’s upset at me because she hasn’t responded to any texts. That probably wasn’t what she wanted to hear but I’d rather be honest than spending part of my break doing something I don’t wanna do. AITA for refusing to babysit her animals?

TL;DR: My mom wants me to babysit her animals during Spring Break and I refused.So I (30m) live with my girlfriend (31) for over a year now. I'm the only one who works while she stays at home and goofs off all day. Plays games, talks to friends, what have you. I wont lie, I'm lazy af. I have a hard time cleaning up. She does too. Since I am the only one who works and thusly pay all the Bill's, it shouldnt be too much to ask her to clean her and my mess while I work. She gets upset that she has to clean my mess, feeling it should be my responsibility. I more or less see what she means, but at the same time I'm too fucking tired. I work a high stress job and just want to lay down and relax with my limited free time. She does absolutely nothing productive, not even a part time job. I love her so much, but I feel like it's extremely unfair. I dont mind cleaning, on my days off. Like that makes sense. But on my work days I want some fucking help.

AITA for feeling like she should clean for the both of us sir I'm the only one who works?

Edit: Jfc, I put my "crusty underwear" in the laundry and my dishes in the sink. She doesnt look for a job cuz she has lot of anxiety issues, which I support. Idont mind she doesnt look for a job, I just want her to do general cleaning. Run the dishwasher and laundry. I put the dishes there and I put my laundry in the hamper. I work all day and pay for everything and this is all i ask. All she does is hang out with friends and play games, all day. She only cleans when I get home. I'm incredibly tired after work and I clean on my days off. Even if it was built up mess, I do it all.Posting for a friend here.

This happened one year ago, and my friend wanted to post it here, but was to shy, so I'll do it in his behalf.

My friend found out from FRIEND A that a few people in GROUP A have been bullying our special needs kid classmate. This friend was sent screenshots of the select people making fun of this special needs kid in various social media platforms. She decided to tell the dad of the special needs kid, since the dad trusts her, and the dad reacted angrily and tried to get the police and principal involved; trying to supersede the office of discipline's investigation on the matter. When things escalated very quickly due to this, the several students talked to my friend, and told her that they weren't bullying, they were merely just expressing themselves and it was their way of welcoming him to the class. After this my friend felt bad, because the group of students were now saying that my friend was inconsiderate, and overreacted because they had every right to do what they did since it was on an alt account, and that my friend was being overprotective of the special needs kid.

To clarify the content of the screenshots (that were later proven to be undoctored) said things like them hating on the student by mocking him and making him look like he was having a blowjob, saying that they want to drop out of school because of the student, and they want mockingly use/repeat certain phrases that the special needs student says, etc.

TL;DR my friend told the special needs kid's dad that his son was being bullied even though she didn't approach the accused party.So my best friend and I, both 20 both female, I've been best friends for quite a while. Not so long ago she and her long-term (1.5 years) boyfriend broke up. Since then she has been on dating apps and meeting new guys, hooking up occasionally but mostly just talking to them. None of them have led anywhere. Most of them have been total assholes. some of them have even just had sex with her and then ghosted her. now to me, this seems like a pretty common expectation on dating apps.
So fast forward to today me and my other very close friend were talking about my best friend because we are worried about her. she has been complaining about these guys non-stop and saying she just wants a relationship, but then approaching the situation like a for lack of a better term fuckboy but expects the guys that she's talking to to come sweep her off her feet. 
So my friend tried to say that he thinks she should try opening yourself up to this guy she's been talking to, who she claims to really like. But her response was that she would never put herself out there, never open up to a guy, never allow her walls to come down for a guy ever again. Which of course, isn't exactly a great way to meet someone. But then she got unbelievably angry. So as the third of the friends, I patiently listened to both sides of the argument and chose who I agreed with. And listen I did. My best friend arguing that it's none of his business and that if she doesn't want to open up she doesn't have to. Which is true. Our other friend stating that he simply was trying to help, and that he's worried because of how unhappy she has seems lately, especially as it pertains to these guys. Which also makes sense.

so I politely tell her that I have to take our other friend's side on this one, and I Said that it is really hard to open yourself up and getting hurt really sucks, but if you don't allow yourself to do that with anyone ever, then you're not going to meet anyone. and that swiping on guys from your bedroom and then never meeting them and never opening up to them is not how you find your Prince charming.
And now she's not talking to me. So am I the asshole? 

TLDR, my recently single best friend has been complaining that she wants a real relationship, but got angry when I tried to explain that a boy from tinder who texts her twice a day isn't who she wants to put her energy in if she's looking for her prince charming.Hi everyone, 

A few years ago my sister graduated from college and I attended her graduation (I lived in the same city). I finished my undergrad degree a couple of years ago but my sister didn't come. My college is a 1 hour plane ride away . My grad was in the weekend and my sister was 27 at the time.  My dad told her that he would pay for the plane ticket/accommodation and my sister said that she will book it herself. Weeks went by and I kept asking her if she was coming and then she said she wasn't. She wasn't doing anything that weekend either, (she looked after my parent's cat while they were at my graduation).She never gave me a real reason in regards to why she didn't come, just wishy washy answers. I guess my feelings were hurt considering that my sister is well off, and her and her partner go overseas all the time,and to different cities to visit their friends, but my grad didn't make the cut despite my dad offering to pay and her being free that weekend (she doesn't have kids) . When my grad happened, she didn't congratulate me or apologise for not coming. I don't know why she was super weird about it. 

I got over it eventually, but my sister is graduating from post-grad later this year and is making a big deal out of it. Planning the whole day and all the family events. the difference is that this in the city we live in but I don't think it is really fair for me having to attend TWO of her ceremonies and her not attending any of mine.  I am graduating from post-grad later this year and I don't even want to go to my own ceremony. 

So WIBTA for saying I had work or something for when my sister is graduating?Quite a short an simple one here. Wont go into too much detail and will only give the specifics. I was in a public social setting with my friends. One of them was across the room from us sitting down. This person is black and as the only black guy in the room. I was sitting with my friend and we were talking to someone and was trying to point out my black friend to this person, because he needed to speak to him about something. This person couldn't work out which person my friend was directing him to. He kept saying things like, "the guy with the red shirt, the guy next to the guy with glasses, the guy sitting with his back towards us" etc. But the guy couldn't figure out who he was talking about. Eventually I said, "the black guy." The guy went, "oh, thanks", and went over to him. But my friend gave me this kind of look as if to say, "dude. Not cool." He said I can't just say things like that. I don't think it was a big deal. AITA?There's been this issue between us, off and on, for a couple months and he's really good at trying to ignore it. It came up yesterday through text while he was at work. I said we needed to talk after he got home. Because I believe nothing gets better without talking about it. It hasn't yet. He came home and acted like everything was all good. I, admittedly, was passive aggressive at that point (for that I am the AH) and he completely ignored me the rest of the night. This morning I asked him if he was going to talk to me tonight or do what he did last night and act like there's nothing wrong. He got pissy. I'm the one with the issue (yes but it's OUR issue), there isn't really a problem (if we're fighting about it that makes it a problem) and if I want to talk about it then I need to start the conversation (that is honestly valid). There were other things said. It wasn't what I would call a civil conversation but no one was yelling or making personal jabs. Then he went to work. A couple hours later I get flowers. He asked if anything had been delivered and I told him I got them. That they're pretty. He responded, "You're welcome?". I told him I didn't know what to say and neither of us have said anything more. AITA if I don't thank him? Should it make a difference if he apologizes?

Please focus on my specific question. We're both the  AH as far as the arguing goes.

Edit: For those of you saying the flowers gave me a chance to open the conversation, we don't text about serious personal matters. He's shown other people our conversations. After the first time one of his co-workers told me I confronted him about it and told him I felt it violated our privacy. Talking to people or asking for advise is completely acceptable but that made me uncomfortable. Then he did it again at least the one time I was told about. So I just won't anymore and he knows that.I (29f) have been struggling with my mental health for about 3 years now, so everything about it is still fairly new to me. I have depression, anxiety, and agoraphobia. I also have other issues I wish to not disclose. I have been researching and learning everything I can about these conditions, as I didn't have health insurance up until this year and was not able to afford the care/medications I need.

I am now on Paxil as of about 1.5 months ago, and it's been going great. I still don't feel 100% every day, but it's a night vs. day difference compared to how I was feeling before I started taking it. My mom is aware that this is something I was trying out, and I talked to her about this today and let her know that I've been feeling a lot better and am going to continue taking this medication.

She proceeded to ask me "well, have you started seeing a therapist yet?" to which my reply was "No, these pills have been making me feel a lot better and I still do want to see a therapist, but I want to do it when I'm ready to."

She then began to berate me, telling me how important therapy is and how a pill "won't fix everything." I know this already, and I DO plan on seeing a therapist, I'm just not ready yet, which I relayed to her. She continued to talk in circles and then said, "Well, I'm worried about you, and I really think you need to see a therapist. I don't know what you're doing all the time that makes you so lazy to not even look into it."

This is where I might be TA. I didn't yell, but I went off. I told her that she has no idea what's going on in my mind, and that it's not fair for her to tell me that I NEED to do something, especially when this is MY decision and it's an extremely personal one. My mom has been known for getting upset with me when I don't do what SHE thinks is the right thing to do, and she clearly doesn't understand how depression works if she thinks I'm just being lazy. AITA for raising my voice and cutting her off while going on a tangent about how she needs to respect my boundaries?

Edit: I have looked into therapists to try to decide who might be best for me, which my mom is aware of, I just have not made an appointment to see one.This is kinda of a weird situation, but I can’t help but feel really bad right now at least with the way my coworker reacted to me.

So I basically work at my school and everyone in my office is really nice and looks out for me. When I first started money was really tight and I didn’t have any access to much food aside from the pantry (I still don’t, I just get pantry food to save as much money as I can).

One coworker, I’ll call her Mary. Mary basically lives alone I think now and she’s much older. (Me being 21 and her in her 60s) Shes super kind to me and we talk often about life and just general stuff. She sometimes gives me extra snacks she ends up having around.

I told her I always get my food from the pantry to save money, etc. I’ve been saving money and now I feel pretty happy with how much I’ve saved. Anyway, here’s the problem that kinda made me anxious.

We were having a conversation and I told Mary how last week my close friend was very upset, and after comforting her I decided to pay her bill at a restaurant we went to with our friends. I got nothing except for a smoothie (which was on the house due to a mistake the waiter made). I didn’t buy any food myself because I was full from having eat dinner a few hours before. My friend’s bill was about $10. Of course I wouldn’t pay for it if it was something crazy like $20. 

Anyway, I told Mary this and her entire demeanor changed. She seemed very upset about what I said and said that you don’t need to show love through money (the conversation we were having was basically about how I usually go out of my way to help other people/make them happy). And saying how it’s a waste to give people my food when people are giving me food (a metaphor she used.)

Anyway, the entire thing made me really anxious and now I feel horrible. I had money to spare, so I figured why not buy my friend some pancakes (also me and my friend work together closely so it’s also a bit of a ‘thank you,’ for everything she’s done). I’m just super confused by everything and I have no clue if I’m TA for buying my friend some pancakes when my coworker gifts me some of her snacks that she says she can’t eat. AITA?

EDIT: Sorry forgot to specify that the pantry I use is the school pantry at my school that is for any and all students at my school. It always have a bunch of food that students are encouraged to get as much as they want regardless of their income.One of my grandparents just recently passed and the funeral is this Saturday. I was originally going to go with my mom to it, but my mom and I don't get along very well. I feel like if her and I go, I'm either going to jump out of the car or she is going to abandon me somewhere along the 12hr drive so that plan became a no-go.
I'm not comfortable driving by myself as I would be driving in conditions that I have no experience in and driving a 24hr round trip by myself sounds like a bad idea. When I brought up to my boyfriend about possibly going with me, he was less than thrilled. He's only meet my parents and my siblings before and he feels that meeting some of my aunts and uncles and the like for the first time in a time of mourning would be extremely uncomfortable. He would rather us stay home and for me to call or try to video chat with my family during it instead.
I get where he is coming from, these are family members I talk to every so often and see even less. But they are really the only good, constant family that I have and I feel extremely guilty when I think about not going. The ones that I'm closest to have asked whether I would be going and have said that they want me there. One even said that if I need money to go, she'll give it to me. I keep flip flopping between that maybe my boyfriend is right and it would be better if we didn't go and that I want to be there, to have that time with my family as we say goodbye. I know I would regret it if I didn't go so AITA?


Edit: For those asking and mentioning it, I do want my boyfriend there for support. I didn't mention it because in my head, if he goes then that's him being there for me and supporting me so it was so obvious to me that I didn't need to mention it. I don't want him just for the drive, I would be driving all of it while he would be most likely sleeping anyways.Every year, grandma (73) asks me (32m) to fill in her tax reports. Would I be the asshole for not doing it this year?

We're not really speaking that much with each other. A few years ago (I guess 5 or 6?), grandma gifted me her washing machine, dishwasher and tumble dryer when she went to live with her (by then) boyfriend. For me, that was a generous gift that I've stalled in my parents' storage until I finally found a place to live on my own 2 years ago. I promised her that I'd do a great diner for her whenever I got my own place as a form of saying thanks, and she sounded happy with that plan. 

In the mean time, grandma got married with her boyfriend/husband. It was kind of secretly (my parents didn't know of anything), but I'm really, genuinely happy for her! My grandpa died more than 15 years ago, and we all hoped for ages for her to find someone to share her live with again. I just want to see her happy. Maybe relevant: grandma is not biological; she's the second wife of grandpa, and she's (naturally) giving more priority to her own children than those of his previous marriage. However, as a kid, I never felt that she treated me really different from the other grandchildren.

So, when I got my own place and got the appliances installed, I invited her and her man over to have dinner with me and my boyfriend. We had to reschedule this like 6 times since then; every time there was a cancellation, like 1 or 2 days before. The last time she cancelled again, but now on the day itself. That happens, but I kind of feel annoyed. She still hasn't seen my (first) partner of 5+ years, and I have the feeling she's avoiding it. 

She explicitly asks me not to bring my boyfriend along when doing the tax forms. I understand that she's not really comfortable talking about finance with someone around who she's never met. But with this being our only annual meeting, I'm not really sure if she's ever going to see him.

The rest of our contact is very limited: we wish each other happy birthdays, and that's barely it. She just sent me a WhatsApp message asking me if I could help her and her husband with their tax report, and I really don't feel like it, but I'm not sure if I should because of habit/family ties/whatever. I feel bad with saying no, but also feel bad saying yes.

(Somehow related fact, but couldn't work it in in story-form: I'm not an accountant, just a STEM teacher.)I live in my parents house, whit my two kids ( divorce ect). My sis 19 years old.

Yesterday see freakt out, because one of my kids accidentally eat maybe one tablespoonful from HER MAYO ( She prefer expensive brand) She started a litany, cuz "  I bought it for my own money!!!! "

I tried to be polite, offer her money for her loss, but she just cant stop being a B.... to me 

So i tell her, okay, be then, everyone eats, what they bought.

In that day, I wrote my name on everything, what i bought. Fun fact: its almost 90% of the groceries at home: dairy, snacks, bread, chicken nuggets, fish fingers, ice cream, cereals. All the goodies she love.

 I declared that she would not touch them.

Our dad thinks this is hilarious, but mom thinks i went too far, and being childish.

AITA?

(English not my first language, yadda-yadda)It was in my college's student union. I [19, F] was trying to study. Yes, the student union is a place for hanging out, but also a place for quiet study. It is three stories and echoey. A guy, [20?, M] was on the first floor, with rap music about pussies so loud on his beats pill I could hear it from the third floor. I dealt with it for a while but since it was louder than just talking, I had finally had enough. I looked down from my third floor and called out, "Can you not, man? I'm studying?" He said nothing but flipped me off and then mumbled to his friends probably about me, but he did stop. Am I the asshole? Did it make me seem racist, since he was black and I'm mostly white/ ¼ Asian? If it was any other genre of music I still would have been annoyed, even if it was a genre I like. Others around me were studying too. Should I make sure to never do this again? I would have studied in the library but it is notorious for bad wifi and it wouldn't have worked out there.On Friday a student at my daughters school had a severe allergic reaction. The kids parent never brought in a new epipen after an old one expired and the school didn’t have any of their own so they used my daughters pens. Both of them. Now I’m not upset they used them. It may have saved the kids life. I’m glad the kid is okay. 
Today when I went to drop off new ones for the school and I asked the school for contact information of the parent so I can get reimbursed for the new pens. They told me they couldn’t give me that information and refused to even contact the parent for me. So I produce the receipt and said OK you can reimburse me for it as my Insurance would only pay once a year for them, I do it every January and I had to get these out of pocket. The woman acted like I had aborted a baby in front of her. She refused saying that the school isn’t liable for the use of the EpiPens. 
I make okay money but these damn things are not cheap, 650$, and that’s still a lot of money for us. I’m glad that it was used to save a kids life but I really do feel as if I should be reimbursed. But I was made to feel like a worthless asshole. 
I spoke to the principal of the school and... well I was a little more short that I should have been after the secretary was such a bitch and he’s going to talk to the school board. Currently they’ve never had this happen before and they don’t know how to proceed. It cost me 650$ to replace the set. 

So AITA for wanting someone to repay me for a life saving drug that was used on another child?

Edit: Thanks. I really do feel better. The office staff and principal seemed like I was the worse person in the world. I normally don’t care to much what people think but those stares. They really got to me.

Edit 2: So I just got off the phone with the school’s superintendent. She apologized. It turns out that the school did in fact have epipens on campus but the person in question didn’t know the location of the emergency box, another issue, and used my child’s pens. She said that they would be doing mandatory retraining for all staff and personnel. They would also be reimbursing me the cost. It would take about a week. She also apologize for the rudeness of the staff at the school this morning and that they didn’t follow protocol last week on Friday about informing me that my daughter didn’t have an epipen any longer. 
In short I wasn’t being an asshole after all and the office staff was for whatever reason. Maybe they were scared that me asking questions would lead to something. I don’t know. I just want to thank all of you. Especially those that gave me information on the generic forms of this drug. I’m going to talk to my daughters doctor about it as in the past I was told there wasn’t a generic. This will really help us save because the damn things are so costly and I make just enough that I don’t qualify for any of the programs to help lower the cost. 

Thank You.I'm (25M) a straight male that works in a male dominated work environment. One of my best friends is gay. We have known each other since high school. We both went to college out of state and ended up living about 30 minutes from each other. We hang out most weekends and I sometimes go with him to gay bars or clubs. 

A few months ago someone asked what I did over the weekend and I told them I went out to a bar. He asked which one and I told him. He asked if it was good and if we should all meet up there sometime. I laughed and asked if he knew it was a gay bar. He's married with kids so I assumed he was straight and wouldn't want to go to a gay bar. His face turned red, he swore he didn't know, and then asked me if I was gay. I asked if it would make a difference if I was and he said it wouldn't, so I told him it didn't matter. Another guy came up to me in the locker room later that day and asked if I was gay. He said he heard from Doug that I go to gay bars. I said, "Doug is right about the gay bars. I go with a buddy of mine. I'm not going to discuss my sexuality at work though." I left it at that. I have gotten asked a few questions since then and noticed a couple guys go out of their way to make sure I'm not peeping on them in the locker room but I haven't addressed it. I don't really care if they think I'm gay. 

Over the weekend I was hanging out with a few friends that I work with. It was two women and two guys. We were talking about a lot of different things and one of them used the word queer. One of the guys (Jerry) asked me if that was still an offensive word and I said I wasn't sure. One of the women (Kate) said, "Come on. Just because he's gay doesn't make him the spokesman for gay people." The other woman (Libby) said, "He's not gay. What are you talking about?" They kind of debated for a second and then I clarified that I wasn't gay. Kate asked why I pretended to be gay and I told her that I wasn't pretending. I do go to gay bars and clubs and I never directly addressed the gay questions. People just assumed I was gay because I never said I was straight. Kate said it was similar to Rachel Dolezol pretending to be black. I didn't see it that way but it lead to some more debate and discussion and now some of the guys at work are getting on me for pretending to be gay to make them uncomfortable. I never once said I was gay though. AITA for not flat out denying it?There is a lot of back story so I will try to shorten it. My kids’ dad (Matt) isn’t a total deadbeat, but he isn’t far off. My children are 7 1/2 and 3 1/2. I have always took full time care of both children. For the past five years, legally. I could only afford to fight against him and his loaded family in custody court after he got convicted of child endangerment for our eldest. I have asked him to watch the children on some days that were not his ‘parenting time’ legally bcus he doesn’t show up on ‘his days’. His visiting time is every other weekend & the standard of the county for holidays and summer. 
I have been allowing him to kinda just show up whenever bcus I feared my kids wouldn’t know him if I didn’t. He shows up usually 1 scheduled day & 3-5 random (hardly ever does he take them overnight) per month. I’ve had to pay gas, & share my pot (it’s legal here) and supply food for the past 6-9months.
Last Friday, we FINALLY had a hearing on child support & we will receive information via mail about how much he will pay sometime this week. 
So, in court, he stated he has children like 75% of time - a complete lie. Thankfully, it was not a custody hearing only a support determination on child support. He has never paid me any child support but instead asks for money bcus he’s “low” on whatever all the time. 
I want a full time job, I want to get a better education and I’m honestly so excited to have $$ to put my kids in activities so their chances of not being poor like I am are better. Tv says sports help so that’s my plan. 
Anyway, now that we have went to court and he will finally have to pay me (guessing $400-$600 /month) child support he has “decided” he wants every weekend and every Wednesday.. only he can’t do this physically in no type of way. But, it sure does give him the open door to scream and put on a show blowing my phone up whenever he has “decided” it’s his day with the kids. This past weekend he could only do one day.. this is after court and after he tells me how he can have the kids whenever he wants blah blah. I don’t like being harassed. IMO it’s not right he will not agree to a schedule.. so I told him he will only get parenting time as stated in legal agreement & I will no longer let him show up when he feels like it. He has cost me job after job bcus he cannot follow through. Education I tried three times but I could not rely on anyone to babysit when I’m so broke I can’t go out places or do any leisure activities much less shed out for a sitter that isn’t an unreliable family member. 
It’s also very difficult to keep to a schedule when he gets to just show up whenever & tells the world how I’m keeping the kids from him if I don’t let him. 
AITA for sticking to the custody agreement for visitation because in the past I haven’t? 
I didn’t want to post in a parenting group bcus I don’t need advice, I just wonder if others would take the same path or if I truly am causing problems by wanting to go by legal paperwork.I don't know if you guys are up to date with COVID-19 in foreign countries but a massive outbreak happened in Daegu, South Korea. More than 600 people are infected with COVID-19.

My husband is insisting and rushing his parents to come to the United States before they get infected. They haven't developed any symptoms yet, but both the national and city governments are advising citizens of Daegu to self-quarantine themselves for two weeks and report if any symptoms show up.

With all of these happening within a course of a week, my husband fears that the travel ban could be imposed trapping my in-laws in Daegu and that is why he is rushing them to get out of Daegu ASAP.

What bothers me the most during this process is that my husband is ADVISING them to take ibuprofen to temporarily lower their body temperature just to make sure they will pass the airport screening.

I care about my in-laws, but I believe actions like these are what is causing pandemics in the first place and told my husband that they should comply with the government and self-quarantine themselves while preparing to come here, but called me TA and bought tickets for this Thursday.

AITA for not wanting my in-laws to come to the US during the COVID-19 outbreak?This just happened and he’s currently in the spare room. I am 39 weeks pregnant with our third, woke up from already bad and uncomfortable sleep, feeling nauseous and was then totally wide awake (hello third trimester insomnia). Went on phone to distract myself but with the screen light down as low as poss and was burping intermittently which woke him up. He’s got up, threw a fit because he’s tired from work (very labouring job) and is now in the spare room. 

I wasn’t doing it on purpose, I feel better for burping, guess I made some extra room in myself by doing so but now can’t sleep because I’m wondering if I the asshole. 

I’ve definitely been more snappy with this pregnancy just because I’m so god damn tired and doing these burps made more room for the fully grown human inside me to move, but I think he’s being selfish af (seeming as I put up with his snoring and early wake ups/going on phone) so I need some outside views.

EDIT:
Just woke up; we had a hug and a coffee (decaf for me lol) and it’s now all over. Thanks for the comments and perspectives. 

(Gotta be honest, I was not expecting some of the venom I’ve read on here, particularly from one Redditor that seems to be be super mad about pregnant people ... I think you need the sleep more than we do dude.)I live in a high cost of living city with a VERY competitive rental market. Five years ago I snagged an amazing deal - a lovely apartment below market rate. 

Since then, I’ve been a model tenant. I rent from an owner and they only hear from me when I send rent or to renew the lease. 

The thing is, the apartment constantly has problems - doorknobs that fall off, leaks, collapsing inlaid shelves, oh, and a sporadic mouse problem. It was an infestation when I moved in because a contractor forgot to fill several out of sight holes. 

I’m pretty handy, so I’ve fixed probably 90% of these things on my own, on my own dime. The other 10% (namely the leaks - caused by my upstairs neighbor) I work through the management company. 

Anyway, my landlord isn’t renewing my lease so her adult daughter can move in when she moves to our city for business school. 

Not going to lie, I’m pretty frustrated and seriously considering undoing the improvements I made to the place (not anything that would cost me my security deposit, but things like removing reinforcements I put in and unfilling those mouseholes)

WBITA if I undid fixes I made to my apartment before I move out?

Edit: I accept my asshole judgement and am still on the fence as to whether I’m going to undo any of my repairs, knowing full well I’d be an asshole to do it. 

I do question how many of you have been renters at all, let alone in cities with laws which favor landlords. Things which seem like common sense - tell the landlord! - are a good way to not get your lease renewed and moving can cost upward of ~10k in upfront costs (first, last, security, and until recently a 15% annual cost broker fee). Sometimes the squeaky wheel doesn’t get the grease, it’s gets fucked. I hope you guys are never in a spot where you have to do that cost benefit.My grandparents were Holocaust survivors and miraculously survived several years in Auschwitz-Birkenau in addition to a couple other camps they were moved around to. Both of them lost their parents and most of their siblings and suffered severe trauma as a result. A few decades afterwards, my grandma decided to make a video recounting her story for our records. I only watched it a few years ago and barely made it through the whole thing because some of the details and her obvious trauma were so brutal and horrific, as you can imagine from someone who spent multiple years in a concentration camp. I’m trying not to go into too much detail here but I’m sure most of you can imagine the types of things that she witnessed and experienced, as well as her demeanor as she recounted her whole story. It seriously has stuck with me to this day.

Fast forward to recently. I have a really good friend who has a fascination with Nazi German/Holocaust history, as is very common, and she reads about it all the time. I know it’s just a curious fascination with that era in time and her interest is harmless. She’s not Jewish, but I guess that’s not exactly relevant here but it makes me feel weirder about it. Anyway about a year ago I mentioned my grandmother’s video and gave enough details that I was comfortable giving to her when she asked, without recounting the whole thing or the worst parts. She still regularly asks me for the video, bordering on pestering me at this point, even though I have refused multiple times and told her I’m uncomfortable showing it to her. She keeps asking me to ask my parents for it but I don’t even know what they would say if I said my friend wanted to watch it. I know I wasn’t personally there for the history but the generational trauma runs really deep in my family and the video is really personal to me and my siblings. 

I know her fascination is harmless and well-meaning, but I still feel like kind of a jerk for not showing it to her. So... AITA?So yesterday I (admittedly) committed a party foul and snapped the glass dab nail piece off our rig. I made it very clear that I could go get a new one tomorrow, but I had assignments to work on so I couldn’t go immediately. I’d already let one of my roommates know that I was paying for the new one and getting it tomorrow. So yesterday, unbeknownst to me, she comes home with a new nail, a huge one that she spent $20 on (our old one was very small, pretty cheap, I had planned on spending about $10) and says that I should be thankful that she did this favor for us and wants me to pay for it. She admitted to “panicking” while picking it out and just buying what the employee told her to, meaning she probably could have gotten a much cheaper option. I’m aware it’s only $10 difference, but it’s the principle of the thing, right?! Am I the asshole?&#x200B;

**Sorry for any grammatical errors**. So just to preference the story I pick up my friend every morning to bring him to school. he's supposed to pay $10 a week but he's 2 weeks behind so I'm pretty low on gas (I drive 119 miles a week just for school it’s pretty spread out here.) . I still pick him up because I feel bad for him having to walk. Now on to the story. Today I was running late so I told him to walk he started walking and on my way there I got caught by a train. I called to see how far he was from the school and he was getting upset saying I don't pick him up and stuff like that. when I literally am late to my 0hr every day just to pick him up. (at my school 2 tardies is and absents and 11 you fail the course. I'm a senior and I'm graduating this year this class is mandatory to graduate.) so I decide to wait some cars build up behind me so I can’t leave anymore at this point I'm just waiting for the train to pass. The train finally passes, and I cross the tracks. He wasn't there anymore so I continue driving and I don't see him I get to his place and he's not there. I call him and he said one of his friend moms picked him up and I should have checked my texts. I didn't get the text until I was already at his place. He ended the call by calling me stupid. I'm pretty upset with him. I have other stories of BS he's pulled but I wanted to get yawls opinions.

   
 

High School Drama

   
 

TLDR. My friend called me stupid because I didn't get a text saying he went with some one else.Back when I was a kid my cousin who lived on the other side of the country became a druggy and started popping out babies. She used these kid to scam our grandparents for money to feed the kids, but used it she used on drugs. 

Eventually she was arrest for drug possession and the cops found her 4 malnourished children living in her car. Just to show how little of a shit she gave about them, she didn’t realize her 2yo son was deaf.  

The 4 kid came to live with my family about 2000 miles away. They lived with us for years. Me and my 3 siblings came to view them as siblings as well. My cousin got married (had 2 more kids too) and got her life together, so sadly one by one they were spent back to her. All expect the deaf one, he is severely special needs and so my parents fought for legal guardianship of him, and to this day ether her or her husband know ASL. 

Honestly I hate her. According to oldest she acts like my brother (her son) doesn’t exist. They aren’t allowed to talk about him or use ASL in the home. 

I’m getting married and of course I want her the kids to be there. I don’t want her, her husband, her husband’s kids, and her & husband kids to be there. I just want the 3 who to me are my siblings. They are 18, 17, & 15 years old now. I have offered to pay for their planes tickets and every things. She won’t let them go unless I pay at least her and her 2 other kids to go as well and pay for a hotel. I say no way hell I was ever going to spend dime on her. It ended badly but the kids aren’t mad at me and still really want to come. 

I have other family say I’m being unreasonable ask her to send her kids on a plane without an adult. And to invite her children to a wedding but not her is apparently extremely rude. I should just stuck up and let her come. Or stuff like she’s better now and don’t judge her she had a rough past and she’s doing best and look how far she’s come. My parents are on my side they don’t want her there ether. 

So I’m being the asshole for just waiting only some of her kids and not her at my wedding.For Backstory: Absolutely constantly, we get idiots for the business next door parking in front our warehouse bay. Blocking shit, being annoying and nosy, every day. We're gonna get some cones for that.

The Important details: Just now. It happened for the second time today. This time no particular event was happening, but there's always the possibility. Car pulls up. Parks dead center. Here's why I feel like an asshole: aside from the underlying annoyance they're the millionth person to park *specifically* in the way, the actual #1 reason I was pissed, was because I was playing a game. Aside from being in the way of actual work, I was extraordinarily pissed at how

- A. They're beaming the sun directly into my fucking eyes with their windshield, making me absolutely fucking blind in general let alone seeing my screen with a glare on it.

- B. They left it running, got out, and vanished. So now I can't hear the enemy either.

I can't move because I'm intently focused on *not getting killed by the guys around the corner*

I'm making comments to my coworker like "fucking kidding me? Again? sick of this shit" and he's agreeing and saying similar things. Him mostly angry about just the forklift being blocked, he wasn't sitting in the sun beam or doing anything pressing.

Guy comes around, gets in the car. Gets out, still running. I say "oh come on" under my breath but I don't know exactly how loud, I hope he didn't hear.

He finally gets in, I get shot, end of the game. He pulls out, and I finally see something other than blinding pitch white finally, I stand up and give the car the dirtiest look and say "of course now he fuckin moves"..........to see him pull into the church on the *other* side of us. Not the business of idiots that usually parks there. The church people that are almost never there.

The other business, they know what a nuisance it is and they choose to be dicks. The church people probably don't even know about the hundreds of idiots that park there.

AITA for getting so fired up at a probably nice stranger?

It always gives us all rage when people park in front of the warehouse bay because at any moment, there could've been a delivery or pickup, but there wasn't this time.

I still feel like such an ass for being somewhat rude to a rare churchgoer, mostly over them disrupting my game...that I was playing at work.(using phone sorry for formatting) 

Backstory: I came out as a boy in 8th grade, this was also the grade where I met ~her~. For the story we'll call her Emma. All my friends were supportive of me and stopped using my dead name and old pronouns as fast as they could. They respected my boundaries and tried to help with my dysphoric panic attacks. My "attacks" are irregular and can last from hours to weeks, then they usually calm down and I can live my life, during these times I don't want to be touched, which I think is very reasonable, though I can get irritable (this has become a problem a few times, I always try to make up for it though) lately I've been having some horrible attacks and I even ended up staying at home for a while because I felt so terrible. 
Onto the story I guess... 
As previously stated I've been having horrible body issues lately, my friends have been respectful of my boundaries, well, most of them. Emma hasn't. Emma is a very clingy person so I thought at first she must not have realized that I don't want to be touched, so I explained to her what the situation was, she said she understood and we moved on. A few hours after I explained this she tried to sit in my lap and hug me (we are not dating and I like men, only men) I told her again that I don't want to be touched and she said "I thought you'd be over it by now?" Ok, I get that, not a big deal just please don't touch me. She avoided physical contact with me until the next day where she tried to put her legs on mine, I was already in a bad mood so I snapped "don't." at her, she immediately got angry with me, but moved her legs. This has happened for a few days now and she's even tried to kiss me on the cheek or shoulder a few times, my last straw was when she wrapped her arms around my waist from behind and kissed my shoulder. I snapped and yelled at her, I'm not happy about it, but I couldn't take it, she was being disrespectful to my body and ignoring my boundaries, I honestly don't think I should have had to tell her more than twice that I don't want to be touched. I'm sick of her being disrespectful to me, it feels like she's purposely trying to make me uncomfortable at this point.
That's why I want to cut her off, maybe not forever but for a long time. No contact. So, am I being too extreme? Am I being an asshole?We've been married for a couple of years and just bought a house, the baby was a surprise but a welcome one nonetheless. I just finished grad school and decided that with a baby on the way there wasn't much point finding a job if I'd have to take maternity leave. My husband wasn't happy with this but I put my foot down and said I wasn't working or discussing it until after the baby was born.

It was a difficult pregnancy and the warnings my mum gave me weren't really enough, nearer my due date I was constantly sore and had difficulty sleeping. My husband was never there for me and was always at work so I relied on my sister and mum to help me out. He'd get home late form work each day and would spend all his time on the sofa or at the gym. My tossing and turning in bed trying to find a comfortable position annoyed him to the point that he started sleeping in the second bedroom.

To cut a long story short I feel like I've gone through this pregnancy alone and he hasn't helped me at all or been there for me. Even when i went into labour he was at work and said he'd meet me at the hospital, I had to get my sister to drive me to the hospital.

I was so annoyed and angry at him that I just didn't want him in there stressing me out. I asked the hospital staff to not let him in and I only wanted my mum there with me. She supported me throughout and I had a beautiful baby girl and I let him in as soon as I'd been cleaned up.

It's been over a week now though and I'm back home with my baby but he's not speaking to me at all apart from asking if there's anything I need or asking about the baby. He's spending more and more time at the gym or work and I don't know if I've done anything wrong.My next door neighbors have one of those stupid little chihuahuas that barks CONSTANTLY in a high pitched yelp. I cannot stand the MF. It got out of its yard the other day while I was shoveling my sidewalk and I saw it run it’s little fatso self down the street. I did not chase. Don’t know if they ever found him. AITA?So I (31F) was working in the gas station I manage with my (19F) employee. She is manning counter while I am empting, cleaning, stocking, re-icing beer ice downs. I am a tall gal so I have to half squat/bend over to hold down sprout to empty water out. Two middle aged men are walking up to counter, when I feel a hand cup my butt and it lingers. I have a slight delayed response because I am in a bit of shock. I rear up (throwing this mans hand off my backside) and get loud and scream at him what the heck (I did not use heck) do you think you are doing, and who the Heck do you think you are. He stumbles out it was an accident (clearly in shock I am sticking up for myself). I rip the beer out of his hand and tell him to get the heck out or I am calling the police. He says it was an accident, I get my phone, he says fine witch (not using witch) and leaves. By then his friend puts his 12 pack on the counter. I go over to counter and take the beer off and said you can leave now too. He says it is not his fault, he did not do it, he should be able to buy his beer. I tell him to leave. He calls me a witch also. I tell him he has poor choice in friends. He storms off and they leave. My employee tells me I was an asshole to his friend and should have sold him the beer, because I could get fired for being rude to him. I told her, let them try, all I did was stand up for my self. She said but it was not the friend who did it and I punished him. So AITA for not selling the beer to the friend (not the butt grabber).

&#x200B;

Short story: Man grouped my butt I kicked him out, and than refused to sell his friend beer. AITA for not selling the friend his beer.

Edit: Grammar. I’m currently 31 weeks pregnant with my first child- a little girl!  I’ve known for years what I want to name my child.  The first name has sentimental meaning for me, and my husband and I chose the second name together.  We’ve planned the name for years- when we were dating and talking about the future, one of the things we always said was that our firstborn would have this name.  It’s gender neutral, so it didn’t matter if it was a girl or a boy.  

As soon as we found out I was pregnant, we started referring to the baby by name.  Because we’ve had this name in mind for so many years, our whole family knows the name and the meaning behind it.  We’ve already started decorating the nursery with little items that have the name or initials on them. There’s basically been no question that this would be our child’s name.

My cousin’s wife gave birth two weeks ago.  They had refused to tell anyone what name(s) they were thinking about during the pregnancy, which is fine.  But the name that they ended up choosing is pretty much exactly the same as the name my husband and I chose for our baby.  It’s exactly the same first name and then an almost identical second name.  It would be like if our baby’s name was Mary Elizabeth, then the name they chose is Mary Eliza. The actual name isn’t as traditional/common as that, so it really does stand out as being the same name.

I was pretty upset when I found out, because they definitely knew the name we’d chosen and it feels weird and kind of spiteful to use it.  I know we don’t own the name or anything, so we can’t stop them from using it, but it still felt pretty icky.  My husband and I basically decided to just be sort of privately weirded out but to try our best to ignore it.  I sent my cousin a text to tell him and his wife congrats on the baby, and then didn’t reach out any further than that. I didn’t say anything to him about the name.

Well, it turns out that even though my husband and I are trying to take the high road here, the rest of the family is pretty mad.  Apparently, a bunch of them (including my cousin’s mom) have reached out and told my cousin and his wife that what they did is really shitty and that they need to think about changing their baby’s name. They’ve also reached out to me to say that they think it’s awful and that they know how much meaning the name has for me.  I absolutely didn’t ask them to do this, but I can’t pretend I’m not happy that people are “taking our side.”

My cousin called me yesterday and said that I need to call all of our family and tell them to stop pressuring him about the name and that I’m fine with it, because they’re ruining his and his wife’s time with their newborn.  I have no intention of doing so because A) I didn’t ask them to talk to him about it in the first place and B) I’m not fine with it; I think it’s weird that he and his wife did this and I have no interest in defending him. AITA?Some context. Me and 4 other students at my school are in an essay competition. I'm the only sophomore and the rest are juniors. I wasn't even picked for this as the original 5th kid got busy. This was on google docs. We had previously been in arguments about things like my sections being altered without consent while I was barred from editing anything I didn't write, meetings being planned but cancelled without my knowledge and whenever finalization was going on I was relegated to grammar nazi. (Although the last bit I'm a bit proud of)

Anyways, we had finished the essay and were going to put the final touches on the next day. I was taking a word count and reported it in messenger. The first letter of my text didn't show up so I clicked the message bar and told them the word count. Suddenly everyone freaks out as the entire essay is gone. The check the history and see it was me and start yelling at me. I was very stressed and I didn't know what was going on and said I didn't do it. So I click undo and the essay reappears. And as I was going to apologize these 2 girls start slamming me. I get mad and say, "If the essay is ok, what's the problem?". The one that thinks herself our leader says "Just accept the fact that you made a mistake without any more things added. You caused this so no more accidents." So I am here deciding whether to pull some Nux Taku shennanigans and do stuff to flex or just stay silent.I’ve enjoyed reading and posting on this sub for many months now, and I feel like I’ve noticed a disconcerting trend, lately. Over time, more and more of the posts seem to have A- a universal consensus on every post, with any dissenters massively downvoted and B- a shift towards judgments that seem (to me at least) to be out of step with how people in the real world judge situations.

Given that, I think it’s important to remember that even though the sub is not intended to be for validation posts or to be an echo chamber or to give advice on how people should behave in specific situations- in practice, a lot of times it is.

So just as a reminder- offline, people in your real life will think you’re an asshole if you take the last cookie when you know the child behind you wants it.

They’ll think you’re an asshole if you don’t stand up for an elderly person on a bus. They’ll think you’re an asshole if you don’t go out for drinks with your co-workers once in a while. They’ll think you’re an asshole if you don’t try to be involved in your child’s life, no matter how much support you pay. They’ll think you’re an asshole if you can’t help out your brother with babysitting once in a while, even if you’re childfree. They’ll think you’re an asshole if you wear nothing but underwear in your own home when your roommate has guests over. They’ll think you’re an asshole if you can’t detour for 10 minutes a day to carpool with a co-worker for a week while his car is in the shop.

The internet has its own values, and that’s fine. But in the real world, people who can’t just go along to get along most of the time? People who don’t want to mildly inconvenience themselves to help out the people around them? People who don’t seem to put any stock into the idea of collectivism? The people around them are going to consider them to be assholes.

So yeah. I love this sub, I love reading the stories and I find it very interesting to hear people’s opinions. But I personally think that probably more than 50% of the time, the people I know in real life would disagree with the sub’s judgement of who’s the asshole in a given situation. I don’t know if the disparity is just because of reddit’s demographics, or because people with alternate perspectives see the writing on the board and don’t want to get down voted to oblivion.

So even if you get 4000 replies on reddit saying that you’re totally in the right, if everyone in your real life thinks you’re an asshole, well… there’s probably a reason for that. And maybe this is just me, but I really wish we could have more discussion about if someone is being an asshole if they’re being inconsiderate or selfish, even if they don’t technically “owe” anyone anything.

Or maybe you believe that people offline are wrong, and we should continue to promote the individualistic value system seen on reddit both on and offline. That's a discussion worth having too.

Edit: Thanks guys, this is very interesting discussion so far. And lol don't just downvote the people who disagree with me/you, engage them without being combative.

Edit 2: I’ve never seen this movie, but it’s come to my attention that there already exists in this world an excellent TL,DR: “You’re not wrong Walter, you’re just an asshole”I'm back like I said I would be,. My [original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/awyi8k/aita_for_despising_my_mentally_handicap_sister/) got a lot of attention and seeing as you guys seem interested, here's my update.

Well, since that day I made the post i've been staying with my grandfather. The week's been honestly a huge change for me for better and for worse but i'll try to run it down.

I started by telling my grandpa the story of why I broke down the way I did and to be honest, he seemed horrified. No one in my family knew my parents were using me as essentially a free care service for my sister. My grandpa told me some things that I don't feel comfortable repeating here but in essence my sister is "supposed" to be getting care from a professional and that my parents were ignoring that, along with this I was not supposed to be caring for her at all with her mental state as apparently she is a danger to herself and others. With everything else I told him, along with stuff like the movie indecent he was really mad and told me to not contact my parents without him there. He pretty much told me that he would be meeting with my parents beforehand and that he was going to be there when I sat down with them. It didn't end here either, the rest of the week consisted of other family checking in on me and telling me things my parents hid from me. This included the fact that my parents have been taking money from family to fund a "caretaker" that doesn't exist.

Suffice to say, this week has been rough. But, the upside is that even through all this, my extended family has been giving me more love than i've felt in a while. My grandfather spent this last week "making up for the time i've lost." Encouraging me to spend time with friends and do things I want to do. My aunts and uncles have also been helping me through the week.

Well, Saturday night I sat down with parents to talk. It went badly to say the least. They came clean to me about everything. They told me things I will not repeat here. But they did not apologize. My parents still claim that I some how owed my sister my time. My father even saying "You were put here to be her caretaker". I won't lie and say I was composed. After everything i learned I confronted them. On the fact that my sister needed a caretaker. The money my dad was taking from his sister, and a few other things. They denied it or made excuses. And in the end, we ended off in a worse place than before.

Today will be my last time talking to them for a while. After talking with my grandfather and uncle last night, I'm not going back. Later today i'm going there and picking up my stuff and moving in with my grandfather. When I graduate high school i'm planning on leaving the state to go to school. My aunt has told me that the money she was sending my dad will be instead be coming to me from now on. My parents have called me twice since Saturday, neither of them were to apologize and only ask when I was coming home.

I won't be going back to them. Right now I still feel pretty uneasy about everything but I feel like that will pass. The rest of my family is showing their support to me and honestly, it feel great. But in the end I lost my parents. Over all of this, i've learned something that I wished I saw earlier. I don't hat my sister. In fact I love her with all my heart. I should never have never projected my hate onto her. That was wrong, and someday I hope to make up for it. But for now I need to leave.

So, there's my update. Thanks again for the support my original post got. I really appreciate everyone who took the time to comment or show me support. Thanks you.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you all so much! I wish I could respond to every single one of you but my lunch only lasts so long. I'll update tonight how the move out went but until then, thank you all. I want to say that your support has been amazing and your kindness means more to me than anyone could ever imagine.

&#x200B;

Late edit: Wow, I never imagined my story would reach the popularity it did. I know it's kinda cliche and i've said it a thousand times but thank you all. 

&#x200B;

We just got back from moving my things out of my parents house. Every thing I wanted to take my grandpa and uncle helped move and it's at my grandpa's house now. I have my birth certificate, social security card, and every other document and record I could think of. My parents were quiet the whole time I was there. Shorty after I arrived my dad left with my sister and my mom only hovered over us silently as me moved. It took a while but as we left she broke down and told me she loved me and would miss me. I hugged her and said goodbye, and that was it. Even now I sit here and think if she really meant it. After this whole week of her not saying anything she waited till the end. I hope she meant it. Right now though, I think I just need to look ahead. Maybe one day me and my parents can reconnect. I hope so.

&#x200B;

Thank you all for the advice and love. It's been amazing and i'm glad that through this experience I at least got some positive out of this mess. Will I come back? I don't know. If something happens and you guys still want an update i'll maybe come around again. But for now I'm going to move on. For all those out there who shared their stories with me, thank you, and I hope to see you on the other side. See you space cowboy's :)I want to sincerely thank everyone who commented. Everyone’s comments were appreciated, including those that were less than pleasant. 

Since I received such great advice on my original post, I felt like I had an obligation to update. And I’m trying to follow through on all aspects of my life, even internet ones. 

The funeral service was held this past Thursday. Before then, I brought all the advice I received online and brought it to the real world and talked to both my therapist and sponsor about how I was feeling and what I should do. 

My sponsor was straight with me and told me that I would be putting myself in danger by going and that I should do something else that day to grieve. 

When Thursday rolled around, I was a mess. I seriously considered both just going to the funeral or using again but instead I grabbed my dog and we went on a road trip. 

We went to the beach and just hung out the two of us. 

I’m doing okay this week, but obviously am still not doing great. 

I haven’t reached out to any of Marcy’s family and I don’t plan to. I understand now how devastating that would be. 

That’s it. Take care everyone.I am a high schooler with a weekend job at a coffee shop. My coworkers who work weekends are: 

James - the owners son, he goes to my school. He's a shift manager but it's not a real formal thing, he's a friendly guy.

Danielle - A college student who sometimes works weekends too.

So sometimes customers will come in and just be angry about such little stuff. Like literally blow up about nothing. I dunno if theyre in a bad mood already and looking for someone to take it out on or what, but it's a lot... Like how sad so your have to be to be a grown-ass man taking your anger out on high school and college kids.

So James and I were joking about having a little fun with them and hopefully getting them off our backs.

So one day I was at work and some guy was having a temper about how we don't make the coffee hot enough... Which I couldn't do a thing about because I gave it to him right out of the machine.

So James came in and was like "sir is there a problem here" and the guy started ranting at him too. So he was just like "OP, this is unacceptable, you're fired." 

I started acting real sad, like "no please don't fire me, my family needs the money, I need this job, pleaseeee" and he played up being a hard-ass, telling me to take off my apron and leave.

The angry guy started to backtrack, like "It isn't that big of a problem, you don't need to fire her over it. I didn't mean it" and James was like "No, we pride ourselves on the best customer service"

Of course after all that drama I still had my job, we were just acting. And we've done it a couple times, whenever a customer will lose their temper at Danielle or I, James will storm in and "fire" us. And almost every time, the person who had come in angry will apologise and say that they didn't mean it. It's kind of satisfying, making people realize their actions might actually have consequences. 

Anyway, I was telling my friends from school about this and a few of them thought it was a mean prank, to let someone go away thinking they'd gotten someone who desperately needs the money fired.

AITA for this joke?Note. My step-daughter, Madeline, was about a year old when I married her mother, Jessica. Madeline’s father died before she was born. 
 
Madeline is currently 15, and she’s rebelling for almost everything. She did something bad, so while picking her up, I set a punishment up for her. Then she said “You’re not my dad. I don’t have to follow you”. Honestly, I got a bit hurt from that. But I understand that she didn’t mean it, and that she’d probably change. I just replied “I’m still your legal guardian for the next 3 years, and as long as your in my house, you have to follow my rules.” 
 
That happened about 2 days ago. So our family was going grocery shopping, when Madeline said “I’m hungry. I need food.” I decide to be extremely cheeky and say “Hi Hungry, I’m not your dad.” My son just started to laugh uncontrollably. My daughter was just quiet with embarrassment. And my wife was berating me “Not to stoop down to her level.” 
 
I honestly thought it was a funny dad joke. And my son agrees. So AITA?
 
Edit: I did adopt her. So legally I am her parent.

 
Mini Update: I’ll probably give a full update later but here is what happened so far. I go to my daughter’s room after dinner and begin talking with her. “Hey. I’m really sorry that I hurt you by the words I said. And I am really your dad. I changed your diapers, I met your boyfriend, and I plan on helping you through college. And plus I’m legally your dad, so we’re stuck together. But seriously, I’m going to love you like my daughter even if you don’t think I’m your dad. Then I hugged her. She did start to cry. I assume that’s good.We had a family dinner this evening. My family has four kids in total: me, my elder sister (29F), younger sister (24F) and youngest brother (22M).

Extended family attended our family dinner. So all of our significant others, our cousins, aunts and uncles etc. During the dinner my elder sister and youngest brother got into a mild disagreement. My sister seemed (at least to me) to be coming across as very aggressive out of frustration and losing said argument. The two of them were too absorbed in their argument to realise the rest of us were getting a bit fed up.

Eventually my sister got really fed up and said “Shut up, I’m not going to argue with a 22 year old virgin.” My brother hadn’t done any personal attacks up until that point, it was completely unprovoked. I think it might have been the alcohol as my sister is a mean drunk. 

Anyway, I immediately told my sister to grow up and that she was making an embarrassment of herself. She replied by saying everyone knows he’s a virgin and she didn’t say anything wrong. This annoyed me as my bro definitely has confidence issues and doesn’t need to be made fun of like this.

So I responded by saying how she slept with well over a hundred men while she was in college, and that since everyone in the family knows this it’s not a big deal right? Turns out her husband didn’t know this amazingly, I genuinely assumed he must have known. he left the party angrily saying my sister mislead him about her past.

Family is blaming me for their marital problems. I refuse to accept I did anything wrong. My sister bullied my brother in front of everyone, all I did was give her a taste of her own medicine.I’ve become frustrated with how quick a lot of AITA commenters are to encourage OP’s to leave their partners when a challenging experience is posted. While leaving a partner is a necessary action in some cases, just flippantly ending a relationship because conflicts arise is not only a dangerous thing to recommend to others, but it deprives people of the challenges necessary to grow and evolve as emotionally intelligent adults. 

When we muster the courage to face our relationship problems, and not run away, we develop deeper capacities for Love, Empathy, Understanding, and Communication. These capacities are absolutely critical for us as a generation to grow into mature, capable, and sensitive adults. 

Encouraging people to exit relationships at the first sign of trouble is dangerous and immature, and a byproduct of our “throw-away” consumer society. I often get a feeling that many commenters don’t have enough relationship experience to be giving such advise in the first place. 

Please think twice before encouraging people to make drastic changes to their relationships; we should be encouraging greater communication and empathy as the first response to most conflicts. Pretty much the title. My son won a stuffed tiger at the fair last night and said he had named him "Tig". He asked me what its last name should be. I couldn't help myself and just instantly replied "Bitties". Then I turned to my wife to share a smirk, but she was pissed and quickly suggested a few different last names, but my son insisted that he liked "Bitties", so now his Tiger is Tig Bitties. My wife thinks it was completely inappropriate, I think it was a silly joke that went over his head and will have no negative ramifications.Dad here, old fart, loves his daughter to pieces but I’m struggling to see eye to eye with my teenager and wife on this one. 

We’ve always been a meat eating family, we live in the rural Midwest and bacon for breakfast is pretty much a given. This year my 14 y/o daughter decided to go vegan, and I jumped onto her support team with enthusiasm. We learned how to substitute ingredients, cook new things, try new things, I adjusted our budget to include more expensive vegan substitutes for her, etc. 

None of this has been a problem for me until recently. She saw me cook bacon in a pan, and then I rinsed it out to load in the dishwasher. She exploded in anger (teen years, I’m not too fussed about the anger explosion, I know she doesn’t mean it) and said that that was HER pan for vegan food. I was completely floored and said, kiddo this here is a family pan, older than you, it’s not YOUR pan. 

She asked me to purchase her a pan that she can solely use for vegan food. I didn’t want her to feel weird about food, so I said sure, and ordered her a few colored ones that are only for her. The reason they’re colored is so it helps me remember that I’m not to touch them unless I’m cooking vegan. 

That wasn’t good enough. Now apparently the dishwasher is ‘contaminated’ with animal product, and the fridge has ‘bacon grease fingers’ on it (because I eat bacon and then touch the fridge) and she’s asked me and her mom to completely stop eating meat at home. I don’t mean I literally touch the fridge with greasy bacon hands, because I wash my hands, but it’s clearly enough that it upsets my daughter. 

frankly I’m on team hell no, her mom is much more amenable and strongly wants me to consider taking our daughter up on the request. My wife’s reasoning is that both our parents live close so we can eat meat products there, and that she doesn’t want our daughter to feel uncomfortable in the kitchen. My daughter says she is fine with cheese and butter in the fridge, but it’s specifically meat products that make her feel sick. Now I’m sorry for her, but I feel like she just needs to adapt and live side by side, because I’m not going to stop eating bacon in my own house.So it was my birthday couple months ago. Had a party. Got some gifts. My friend “Mandy” for me a “super cute bikini”. I liked it. Said thanks. She had ripped the tags off but whatever. 

Anyway. Went to the community pool with my roommate. Wore bikini. Got in the water. Roommate immediately is like uhm girl.... I look and see that this bikini is now kinda see thru. 

Haha good joke Mandy. 

Anyway, Mandy invited me over to her place to hang out with her and her bf and a few others. Most leave and we’re still hanging out. I’m like hey, what if we get in your hot tub? I go change after them. And meet her bf in the hot tub she’s getting new drinks. I hop in. Immediately, he’s looking at my chest. I pretend I don’t notice and just make small talk. She comes out a few min after. And just looks in shock. Eventually gets in. “Uhh is that the one I bought?” Yeah I love it. I wear it everywhere. Make up some stuff about how I wore it to the beach, some party with lots of guys, etc. and she’s just like “oh”. 

We’re in the tub for 20-30. Eventually get out and change. She approached me after and was like. “Uhm I’m sorry thought you’d notice. But it goes kinda see thru”. I’m like yeah I know why’d you buy me a ducking see thru bathing suit? “She’s like it’s a joke. Wait you knew? So you just spent last 30’ flashing my bf on purpose?” I reply I’m just wearing my birthday gift from her. 


Anyway. Aita?So my son had a long-distance gf recently for about two years. She was great, a really nice girl and we all loved her welcomed her with open arms. She was flying here constantly to visit him, like a weekend a month and he didn’t lift a finger to go visit her. 

I tried talking to him about it several times and told him he should really start looking into flying over to her instead of expecting her to do all the travelling. He said no. And my wife probably had something to do with it as she constantly told him she was afraid of him flying. I spoke to them both and said this girl is great for him, she was willing to move over to our country too, but said there was one condition and that was he’d have to fly over to her country too. Which is fair enough. 

He said no, he didn’t want to fly or travel anywhere. My son was becoming lazier and lazier, eventually telling his gf and us that he was perfectly fine never travelling anywhere including holidays etc. 

Last week, he told us she’s dumped him. I went on her fb page as we’re all still friends (she wrote us an apology letter about how she’s upset it didn’t work out but these things happen, so we’re on good terms) and looks like she’s with a new guy already. Me and my wife have no doubt she was seeing him whilst still in a relationship with my son. 

I confessed to them both that I actually agree with her decision and he should have expected it. He did not treat her properly and I hope he learns lessons for the next one because he needs to make more of an effort. I said he deserves it for his lack of effort in the relationship and for essentially just allowing this girl to spend all her money and time coming here all the time. 

Wife and son are very upset that I said this. Very very upset and my wife says I am being horrible. 

AITA? I stand by what I said.New to reddit, please bare with. 

So I (21, guy) live with my childhood best friend (22, also a guy) and have done for 2 years now. Up until last week, things were perfect between us. 

However, he recently got a new girlfriend (23, lady) and she honestly seems absolutely great except for one thing; she seemingly has a complete aversion to knocking. She and I have quite a lot in common, and I actually like spending time with her. However it bugs the hell out of me when she just barges into my room without knocking first. Now, she's never walked in on me doing anything untoward; I'm usually just chilling on my bed or studying at my desk. However, on at least seven seperate occasions now she's done it first thing in the morning to ask if I want coffee. I sleep naked. Every time prior to the last one, I've been under the covers and she hasn't seen anything. I always point out that she *could* have and she just giggles and says "but I didn't". 

When she stayed over last week, in order to make my point, I intentionally slept on top of the covers. Sure enough, she barges in at 7AM, begins to ask if I want coffee and sees my you-know-what. She immediately backed out of the room and didn't speak to me for the rest of the day. My mate later pulled me aside and said I was bang out of order, accused me of deliberately exposing myself and pointed out that I'd "threatened" to do it before (I literally just said "okay but what if I had no covers and you saw everything" before). They're now framing this to others that I'm some sick creep who intentionally got naked and lay in wait of her because that's how I get my rocks off, and I'm kinda seeing how it came off that way. AITA for doing this?The title makes me sound horrible but hear me out.

&#x200B;

My sister is severely autistic. She requires attention almost 24/7 and cannot be left alone. She is non-verbal and cannot take care of herself at all. Despite the fact that she is only 12 she is extremely destructive and violent and destroys anything she gets her hands on.

&#x200B;

I hate her. That should be wrong to say but it doesn't feel like it.

&#x200B;

I was only 6 years old when she was born and since then i've never solely had my parents attention. Even since I can remember the world has revolved around her. I was moved out of my room into the basement at 7 because she needed to be in the room next to my parents. All of my toys as a child were destroyed by her and my parents simply ignored me when I complained. Even when I was 14 and she destroyed a mac my school gave me I was in the wrong.

&#x200B;

Along with this I am expected to take care of her and drop everything I do for her. I can never make plans with friend because my parents "expect" me to be there if they need me to take care of her. Even when I do somehow get time to myself I am required to leave if they need me. If i do not then I am punished. The recent example of this is when I went to see the new spider man movie, and was "grounded" because i turned my phone off in the theater.

&#x200B;

It seems as if I am nothing more than a slave to them and anything involving her simply overshadows me. This last week I was chosen to give a speech at a school event. I was so exited and my parents promised to be there, but they never showed and claimed it was because of my sister. Anytime anything like this happens for me they are to busy with her.

&#x200B;

I've held this in for so long and it finally spilled out today. While talking about colleges with my father, he joked that I should get a degree that pays well so when their gone I can take care of my sister. I don't know why but this caused me to break down. I cried and screamed about how it always about her. I'm nothing more than a caretaker to them, that they always make it about her and that I'm expected to be her "slave" for the rest of my life.

&#x200B;

I've locked myself in my room since then and my parents have not come to check on me. Am i the asshole here?

&#x200B;

Edit/Update kinda:

Wow, thank you for all the support and love that you guys have given me. I never expected this post to reach the popularity it did. Thank you all. After thinking about it for these past hours, you are right that I don't despise my sister. It's not her fault that she was born the way she is. My parents came to talk to me a while after my break down but I was unable to bring myself to talk to them and only cried and asked them to leave. They have made arrangements with my grandfather for me to stay with him for the time being and am getting ready to go to his house. My parents want to talk to me but we have decided it's best I leave for now to have some space and time to collect myself. we will be sitting down and talking later this week about this issue. Thank you all again for the love and support through this <3

&#x200B;

I'll send an update your guy's way later this week if people are interested. I recently won a ‘fuck you’ amount of money. I won’t say exactly how much but it’s in the millions. It makes me feel funny even typing It’s enough to change the life of myself and my family. 

My ex wife is the mother of my 2 kids. She is an amazing woman and good to the bone. We divorced 6 years ago because I had an affair with my current partner. I was in a low place in my life and I fucked up. She was in incredible pain but - like a fucking saint- she allowed me to still see our kids who mean the world to me, allowed our divorce to be as pain free as possible despite the fact that I know she was hurting. She still is close with my parents. She is respectful to me although she refuses to talk to my gf. 

She was actually the first person I phoned after my mom and pops after I found out I won the lottery. She was pleased for me, joked that I could take the kids on a world round trip, and that was that. Nothing else. as soon as I won, I knew I wanted to give her a significant amount. I still love her. She’s the mother of my babies and I feel like this is some small tiny way I can show her that I’m not a complete fuck up. She deserves to know that I care despite my mistakes. She also works a shitty job in the public library which pays her peanuts- she would actually be able to pursue her hobbies this way. Give our kids a better life between us. I haven’t discussed this with my ex yet, but I have with my parents who strongly agree and my lawyer who was very surprised but on board. 

Long story short, when I told my gf, she was my livid. Screaming that I’m disrespecting her, accusing me of still being in love with my ex wife- I’m not *in* love with her. We’ve both grown apart, but of course I still *love* her for being an excellent co parenting partner and mother to my kids. My gf is threatening to break up with me, and tbh I’m feeling incredibly relieved over the threats. I don’t plan on changing my plans, but AITA?
I (19f) study drama at uni, and my boyfriend is on the same course. My boyfriend is a really good-looking guy, but he doesn't seem to know it. He gets a lot of attention from girls and for the most part, doesn't seem to get that they're flirting with him. I'm not generally annoyed by this, and never really say anything.

However, there's one girl in our class, let's call her Victoria, who is obsessed with my boyfriend. She goes out of her way to be paired with him in group activities (for example, if the professor picks groups by numbering us 1, 2, 3, she will move herself to be in the same number as him) and she recently stepped down from a main role in a play we're doing so she could be in a more minor one, simply because this character has a romance with my boyfriend. I know this is the case, because I've heard her say to her friends that she thinks he's hot and what not.

I've never said anything to her about it, because she seems pretty insecure (always complaining about how she thinks she's ugly) and I don't see it as a big deal because my boyfriend doesn't care. However, we recently performed the play and had a small afterparty where she got slightly drunk and was bragging about how she 'definitely felt something' when they kissed in the play and she's 'going to ask him if he felt the same'. I rolled my eyes and again ignored it, until she actually went up to my boyfriend. She was a little bit drunk, and when she went up to him I was there too.

Victoria started saying that she knows he must have felt a spark, he's a really good kisser, etc. I snapped, and sort of shouted at her that 'you sound incredibly desperate, going after somebody else's boyfriend. You're pathetic if you think a stage kiss means you should be together.'

She looked super embarrassed and walked away, and I later heard she'd gone home crying. I feel like a dick because she's obviously insecure and whatnot, and her friends haven't stopped calling me a bitch since. AITA?

Edit: She 100% knows that I am his girlfriend, I have heard her talking about me being his girlfriend before.Ok this is the worst. I’m losing sleep over this.

I’m getting married in a week to an awesome woman, and I cannot wait to be her husband, we are so excited.

My brother is gay, but my family doesn’t know, only me and my parents know. I come from a very old school traditional family, so the old part of the family, grandparents and some aunts/uncles still have last century’s mind, and the younger portion, cousins/sibilings are open minded, and are living in the present.

So my brother has been dating his bf for 6 months now, the dude is great, I’m so happy my brother found a great guy. But it’s kind of a secret, as he hasn’t told my family he is gay.

I’ve been telling him for years that he should come out, cause I know it stresses him a lot, and I think it will make him feel better not to hide anymore, plus I bet a few family members already know anyway.

But he disagrees cause he knows a part of the family won’t accept it and it will be a lot of drama. I see the opposite, I see it as the sooner you know who the idiots are, the sooner we can cut them from our lives. I have no interest in having someone in my life that doesn’t accept my brother being gay.

Anyway, that’s his decision not mine, so for now he won’t say anything.

Until a few weeks ago, when he said he wants to bring his bf to my wedding. I was not expecting that to be honest. So he went from 0 to 100 pretty fast.

If it was any other occasion I would be supportive obviously, but I don’t think my wedding day is the day to do that.  Imagine all the drama and gossip and bullshit that would happen. And I don’t want to get the attention away from my fiancée, that’s her day. And I dont wanna have to worry about that on my wedding day, and I think it’s a pretty good reason

I asked him why my wedding day, he said it’s because he wants to celebrate love with the 2 people he loves the most, me and his boyfriend. This is killing me. I would fight my whole family for my brother and never speak to them again if I had to, but my wedding day is supposed to be a celebration, not a family fight, and I can’t do this to my wife, that might ruin our future. 

I didn’t even tell her, she is already stressed out, dont wanna make it even worse

With a heavy heart, I asked him to please come alone to the wedding, and that I hope he understands me. He  started crying and left my house without saying anything.

Next day I got a text and he said “ dont worry, going alone”. I tried calling him but he didnt answer  me, and my parents don’t seem to know what’s happening because they didn’t say anything.

He eventually called me back a few days later, we spoke, he said he understands my side, but things are still weird between us

This is the worst situation of my life, am I the asshole for handling it the way I did?

PS 1: I wanna thank the redittor that sent me a private message and said they hope a mass shooter shows up at my wedding, so thoughtful!!!

PS 2: Thanks for the gold and stuff!

Update: spoke to fiancée, couldn’t keep this from her anymore, she agreed with me.

Clarification: I know it won’t be my brother that would cause trouble. The trouble would start with remarks and looks from some aunt/uncle. Doesn’t matter, we are spending a lot of money on this wedding, planned it for a long time, my fiancee put her heart and soul into planning this wedding.I don’t want to see my bride or mom crying, or some idiot uncle insulting my brother. Literally every other day of my life I will support my brother’s decision to come out. Even at the wedding, I would obviously defend him. But the point is, NOT AT THE WEDDING. Also, MY BROTHER IS NOT THE ASSHOLE. Not at all.My (56M) wife died at the young age of 51 from a car accident. I was in deep mourning for about a year after her death. I met my new GF C (43F) around January. C was the one who made me laugh for the first time after my wife died. She’s smart as hell (3 Ivy League degrees), has a dark sense of humor that I love, a terrific cook, and overall an amazing woman who I can imagine spending the rest of my life with. She is also on the heavier side, a fact that becomes relevant later.

I have 2 children, E (25M) and A (19F). They were well aware that I had gotten a new GF before I first introduced them to C this summer. She got along immediately with E, but A was very very standoffish. After that initial meeting I asked A if there was something wrong but she denied it. C made a few more attempts to get to know A but they were all rudely rejected.

E and A both came home for Thanksgiving dinner. I asked A to please be polite during the meal since she’s always been rude in her interactions with C even though C has been nothing but gracious in return. The dinner was going as well as it could have for the first 10 minutes, although I noticed A glaring at C the entire time. When C went to grab her third helping of mashed potatoes, A said “Don’t you think you’ve eaten enough, you fat pig?” C started sobbing immediately and ran off into the bedroom. I felt my face turn red and told A to get out. 

About half an hour after A left I texted her stating that I would no longer pay her tuition unless 1. She apologized to C and 2. C accepts her apology. A must have assumed that I was bluffing because she instead doubled down on her behavior during Thanksgiving dinner. I then logged into her university’s tuition payment website, canceled next semester’s tuition, and sent A the screenshots. She called me crying and begging me to reconsider but I told her my mind was made up.**EDIT: THE BOYFRIEND DOESNT LIVE WITH US AND DOESNT PAY RENT OR BILLS. HIM AND HIS DAUGHTES SPEND TIME HERE AND PAY ONLY FOR THEIR FOOD: SOMETHING I DO AS WELL*** 

My dad died suddenly about a year ago, and my mom found this really nice guy that she’s started seeing. I’m 23M and going into my final year of college. My moms boyfriend has two daughters ages 15 and 13. My mom has stepped in to be a mother figure to them, and the boyfriend has stepped into my extended family becoming everyone’s favourite uncle. And while i’m glad everyone else is comfortable, i’m not. 

He isn’t a bad guy, I’m just still grieving my father, and it feels like he’s trying to replace him. He tries to set rules for me, things like chores and curfew, that my dad specifically didn’t because he thought they were ridiculous for an adult. Boyfriend thinks it’s only fair because i have siblings now. I think it’s ridiculous to have the same rules apply because of our age differences. 

He’s trying to get me to share my stuff with his kids. They aren’t lacking for anything but he thinks it’s only fair because ~family~. 

I live in the basement of my moms house. I have since i was 15. When you come in the front door there’s a door to the basement and the stairs to go into the house. So it’s pretty separate. 

So last night i was DDing for some friends and got home at 2 am. I had nothing to do until 3pm today since classes aren’t until next week and my new job starts in 2 weeks. So this has never been a big deal with my parents. I shot my mom a text and went to bed. 

Tonight though, man, boyfriend flipped. I got a lecture and sent to my room and “possible loss of car privileges.”

I snapped and laid it out for him. I told him i’m leaving the city after i graduate, i told him i’m glad my mom found a new partner but that i am not and will not be looking for a new father figure and he needs to respect that. I told him our relationship won’t be father/son for some time, and that he needs to respect me as an adult or that i won’t want to have a relationship with him. 

He told my family and they think i’m the asshole. AITA?Some backstory: I had been dating my ex fiancé Sarah for four years. We had been planning to get married in November 2020 but I found out at the start of this month that she cheated on me. She begged me to give her another chance but I broke it off. 


The problem was that being cheated on is, in my mind, completely emasculating and humiliating. So I never told anyone that was the reason we broke up. For obvious reasons, Sarah also didn’t tell people we broke up because she cheated. So people have “blamed” me for the breakup, including my mom. They just see that I dumped her out of the blue. 


I’ve gone very strict no contact with Sarah after I discovered she was cheating on me. Sarah has been talking with my mom and has convinced her that if we could talk one more time, we would be able to reconcile. My mom has been applying hard core pressure on me to talk with Sarah but I’ve explained that there’s no chance we will ever get back together. 


So tonight I go over to my mom’s place because she’s hosting family for Christmas Eve. I’m there for a bit talking with my aunts and uncles and cousins when the doorbell rings and I can see it’s Sarah. I ask wtf is going on and my mom says she invited Sarah so we can work this out in the spirit of the holidays. 


I’m pissed now because the only way to explain my side of the story is to tell everyone I was cheated on. Complete humiliation in front of my whole family. So as my mom goes to the front door, I go into the bathroom. My mom starts knocking on the door saying that I need to come out and talk to my ex like an adult. I say fuck it, kick out the window screen and get in my car and go home. 


My mom called a short while ago saying she’s cutting ties with me over my behavior (she’s really fixated on me jumping out of a window) and that Sarah will always be like a child to her. My sister called me after to ream me out for ruining Christmas. I broke down and told her that Sarah cheated on me which is why I dumped her and didn’t want to see her under any circumstances. She called me a big asshole who was lying to cover for myself.  Am I really in the wrong?**UPDATED 7:50 PM:** Holy crap! Thank you for the outpour of support, everyone. I never thought posting this in an online community was going to reach the right eyes so quickly! I had written this on my lunch break and was completely blown away and brought to tears when I checked back in after work. Several people reached out with helpful resources, including a litigator on Reddit who put me in contact with a colleague who practices in my state. Apparently there is precedent and people have won against the state although it did take several years.

&#x200B;

My intent was to answer more questions since I wasn't able to do that while at work. I was also going to post the website as that has been a popular request, however I've been told not to continue further discussions beyond what I have already posted if I wish to pursue a civil suit.

&#x200B;

Just a couple things I want to address in my update here. Some people are saying I'm leaving out details. My original post was much longer but there's a 3000 character limit imposed. I had to delete a lot of things from my initial draft so I apologize if it looks like details have been left out. I did try to make sure everything that was relevant was kept. Lastly, my son is now back with me. There was a lot of paperwork and even a court hearing, but we're together now and that's what counts.

&#x200B;

I'm sorry if I didn't respond to your comment or private message. I'm still going through my unread messages and still have quite a lot left to read. Truly, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your support, words of encouragement, and advice that you sent my way. I can't even begin to put into words how grateful I am. Again, thank you so much to all the kind strangers who went out of their way to help.

&#x200B;

\---------------------------------------------

&#x200B;

Back in November 2018 I was arrested at work in front of my boss and co-workers. It was the most humiliating thing I've ever experienced. I later learned at the police station that I was being charged with multiple felonies. This came as a huge surprise. Luckily I was able to keep my wits and lawyer up instead of speaking with the detective. For $13,000 which completely wiped my savings, I was able to retain a criminal defense attorney. However it cost me everything and I was unable to pay my bond. This resulted in me staying in jail for a total of 54 days. At a status hearing, my attorney presented video evidence of me gassing up my car 3 hours away from where the crimes took place and I ended up having all my charges dismissed. When I finally got out I learned that I had lost my job, was in the process of being evicted, and my son was in the state's care. His mother is a heroine addict and I haven't spoken to my own parents in nearly 15 years. They wouldn't let him go to my girlfriend because they didn't consider her family.

&#x200B;

Since my release, I've learned that I can't sue the police and no one gives a shit that I was locked up for 54 days because the detective did poor investigation work. I've gone to the local press about this and was told that what happened to me happens quite a bit. They took down my info but never followed up. So what I did was create a website sharing my story. I also uploaded the police report and some other documents from the discovery. Literally the only reason why I was arrested was because an eye witness said they saw me. If the detective had done his job, he could have verified that I wasn't even in town on the day the crimes took place. This is what pisses me off the most. My life was ruined because of a lazy employee.

&#x200B;

I'm writing this now because my website is now ranked #2 on the first page of search results when you type in my town's name. I live in a touristy town and we attract a lot of visitors over the summer. My web traffic has more than quadrupled, and apparently it's gotten someone high up's attention. I received a cease and desist letter recently, which I showed to my attorney. He said sharing my experience online isn't illegal and that everything I had stated was a fact or my own opinion, protecting me from a defamation lawsuit. Yesterday I received a visit from two officers and the detective who had arrested me. He apologized, stating "mistakes can happen." They then talked to me about my website and asked if I could remove it. I said I would delete it on the condition that the detective leave his job and never do police work again. Suffice to say that isn't happening.

&#x200B;

After the visit I received, I'm more pissed off that the only reason the detective apologized to me was to get me to take down my website. I don't plan to and the only one supporting this is my girlfriend. My friends think I'm being spiteful and have suggested that I just delete it. AITA for keeping my website up?

Edit: GrammarThis is the original post: /r/AmItheAsshole/comments/dcvwmo/aita_for_continuing_to_call_my_teacher_by_her/

I first want to thank everybody who commented on my post. It honestly helped me so much and without it I don’t know if I’d end up in this position.

So I went up to my parents and asked them for the millionth time if they could come with me to talk to my principal. They of course said no. I’m kind of ashamed to say this but some tears were shed when they said this. Afterwards my dad came up to me and told me that he’d come to me if it meant so much. However he told me to go up to my teacher just one last time and if it didn’t work he’d definitely accompany me to the principals office.

So I went to my teacher. I already knew how everything was going to go out so I didn’t have any hope. I told her that I don’t appreciate her making fun of my name and if she continues I would continue to call her by her first name ( minus the Mrs.). She told me that I was a very disrespectful child and that she could do whatever she wanted and that she was fair. I told her that many people don’t think she’s fair and in return she just looked confused. I handed her my phone with reddit on it and had her read the comments ( luckily she’s my English teacher). Her face went from nothing to just sadness. I swear it was so weird. It’s like a realization hit her because she just changed everything.

She apologized to me and told me that my name for her was associated with someone else in her life who affected her a lot. And saying my name just gets her bad memories I guess? She told me that she was caught up and just kept apologizing. At this point I kinda felt guilty because I never took this thought into consideration.

She told me she’d try to say my name ( and won’t cross it out of tests anymore) but it might take time, and that in the meantime I can still call her by her first name. ( All my classmates are jealous because I’m the only person allowed lol)

We’ve talked about the past detentions she’s given me and she said she’ll talk to the principal about it and will try to get them removed.

Honestly this isn’t how I thought things were going to turn out. And I’m pretty sure you guys wanted some epic revenge like her getting fired or something, but all we have is a happy ending.My mother died when I was 16. My dad married another woman two years later.

My grandparents, my dad's parents, HATE my stepmother. I really don't like her either.

Even after my half-siblings were born, my grandparents never warmed up to her.

My grandparents are quite wealthy. My father has been banking on this inheritance for a while. He has even been not paying into his retirement because he's so sure that he will inherit the millions.

I just found out on Saturday that I'm getting the majority of my grandparents estate. My father is getting a token amount of $50000 so he can't dispute it.

My grandparents made me promise not to give out any money after and I intend to keep  my word.

But I do feel really guilty that my father just spends his money as it's coming in because he's relying on money he won't get.

I also found out my dad is in a lot of debt.

AITA for not telling him?# Major Update: 60 Minute Contest Mode & Extension of Beta Testing to August 14. 

**We have now updated the contest mode to 60 minutes after significant feedback requesting it. The Beta Test will be extended to August 14.** It has now been approximately 6 days since our test began. We ran into **overwhelmingly** positive feedback, and we thank you all for participating in our beta test so far. Please see below for some comparative information!

**We noticed MASSIVE increases in time until top comment**

> Before, the top comment was posted within the first 4.47 minutes average. 

> With the 30-minute contest mode, top comment is posted around 6.82 minutes after the thread's creation (on average). (Around 30-40% increase)

> With the 60-minute contest mode, top comment is posted around 11 minutes after the thread's creation (on average). This is an INCREDIBLE increase and very rare for Reddit as a whole. We're taking this as a win. (Around 120-150% increase)

> Unfortunately, we can't ever address the issue that a comment posted 10 minutes earlier will get more visibility and upvotes. However, this has mitigated the issue slightly, and now there is a much larger window for people to write more quality comments. 

**Currently, the average top comment is approximately 246 characters long (or 41 words according to Google).**

> We don't have concrete statistics for comment length prior to the change. However, we know it was much shorter. I think it was somewhere around half?

> This shows that the contest mode has allowed users to write longer comments without worrying about being first. Longer comments don't always mean higher quality, but we have noticed a powerful improvement to the overall comment quality (based on personal use and community feedback). 


**More information to be seen! We will be releasing a poll shortly, along with a new thread.**


-----
-----
-----
-----
------
-----
-----
-----
-----
-----
-----

# Original Thread Info

Hey all you assholes and judges. We recently ran a few statistics on our sub and we found a major problem. A huge percentage of our top voted comments are made in the first 5 minutes after the thread's creation. [Take a look here](https://m.imgur.com/a/vZVv1ag). 

We think that's a problem. A comment shouldn't be considered "top" just because it was posted first. We want to encourage quality and thoughtful comments, rather than 3 word quips. So, we've decided to fuck with the sub. 

---

# Introducing ~~30-Minute~~ 60-Minute Contest Mode

For the first 60 minutes after a thread is posted, it will run **Contest Mode.** The comment order will be random, and not sorted by popularity. You will not be able to see the karma score of comments. After 30 minutes is up, you will be able to see everything again. The comment order will be "Best" instead. 

**Why did we do this?** The first comment shouldn't have an unfair advantage. By opening 30 minutes of randomization, everyone posting in the first 60 minutes has a more fair and equal chance of having their comment seen by the community. No one's comment will be buried into oblivion anymore. We tried contest mode in the past, but for much longer (a few hours). It didn't work out well. A 60-minute length will not have as much of an impact on a thread's popularity, and hopefully you guys will like it better.
Throwaway because husband told me I was TA and want to know before I get home and argue. On phone format is bad.

I was in a higher end department store today (rhymes with loomingtales) and happened to end up next to two teenage aged girls while shopping. One of the girls had picked out a pair of VERY expensive boots and they were both fawning over them. Second girl must have looked at price tag and asks boots girl if she’s really gonna spend that much on boots. Girl with boots says something along the lines of “it’s fine I have my dads credit card I’m not paying ” which instantly caught my attention because THATS NOT HER CARD. I’ve told my son multiple times he’s never allowed to use my card so I’m interested to see how this girl thinks she’s going to get away with fraud but had split up from the girls at this point because they had found something else.

We end up at the same register (me behind) and I see her total hit well over four digits. The girl is about to swipe her card when I decide that I can’t let her get away with something like this and someone has to parent this kid if no one else will. I tell cashier that isn’t her card but her father’s and I’m not sure she has permission. Girl and friend turn and glare at me giving me possibly the dirtiest look I’ve ever seen. I swear this girl was going to throw a tantrum right there, I don’t think she was ever told no.

Girl tells cashier her father gave her the card to shop with because it’s the stores credit card and it gives him the points. Now that I’ve pointed out it wasn’t hers cashier tells her she can’t use that card. Girl tries to show ID to prove they have the same last name ( yeah that will help) and I tell her it’s still fraud. Girl says it’s not fraud because she has permission and tells me to mind my own business. I tell her that it is my business that she’s doing something illegal she needs to pay with her own card or I call the cops. Girl is pissed now and people are glaring at me. She uses her own card and leaves crying. Cashier looks mad at me and I tell my husband when I get home only for him to agree I was in the wrong. 

So Reddit, ATIA?I am the  by-product of my parents extra-marital affair. Both of them had spouses at the time. My birth-mother got pregnant and had to tell her husband as he was overseas when I was conceived so there was no way I was his. A few months after I was born they decided not to divorce. I was given to my grandparents on my mothers side to raise with my birth father secretly paying child support without his wife's knowledge.

Both my parents had other children, my dad's side knows nothing about me but my siblings on my mum's side were told that I am adopted by my grandparents. Recently I decided that I wanted to know more about my dad's family and I sent a friend's request to one of my siblings and my dad so I could get to know him. Well he freaked out and contacted my birth mum and they asked to speak to me over Skype. They both told me that they couldnt risk staying in contact with me and told me that they were going no-contact and to please respect it and move on with my life. 

Well I did pretty much the opposite. I contacted my dad's wife and shared screen shots of our conversations and told her everything. She is now divorcing him while on my mother's side I told both my siblings who then went on to tell extended family including her husband's side so now they are seperated and my siblings hate my mother. 

Currently my siblings on both sides lives have been upturned and after the satisfaction has worn off I feel like I unnecessarily hurt them through my parents. AITA for ruining my parents marriages?I'm the VP of Sales at a software company and one of our sales development reps parents passed away at the beginning of April, sadly they were involved in a car crash and both lost their lives. Now the employee in question in very young 22 year old guy and has been with us for about 10 months now. He's a great employee and we were thinking about promotions in the next \~6 months for him. His job is a high paying one for a new grad, about \~90k with commission and base so we expect a lot from this position. Because of the accident we let him take a 1 month paid leave of absence from work and he's returned a few weeks ago and his performance is severely lacking. He's super unmotivated, not cold calling, out reaching to prospects for the last 2-3 weeks enough since he's come back. Our whole mgmt team has noticed this and we decided to let him go because we feel like he'd need months and months to be able to produce again and we can't just wait that long.

We called him into a meeting on Friday afternoon and gave him the bad news, he was very calm and rude about it. Told us to go fuck ourselves and got up and went to his desk grabbed his few things and left. I thought this was very very unprofessional and extremely rude.

I told my boyfriend about all of this and he said myself and my mgmt team are a bunch of asses and pricks with no hearts.

AITA?

&#x200B;

\*\*Update\*\*\*

Holy fuck this blew up, I know this was shitty of me now. And I reached out to him to see how he's holding up. He's staying at his gf's place and she's supporting him a lot right now. I offered to get my head hunter friend in touch with him when he's ready and he accepted.I'm a software engineer, with a full time job and a side hustle of doing freelance coding work in my own time. I've always been the type to have a side hustle I put a lot of my free time into; I get really bored sitting idle.

My freelance hourly rates are $60 an hour, and at my full time job, my hourly pay works out to about $40 an hour. So that's how I value my time. 

Anyway, over Christmas vacation, I was staying at my parents house. My cousin was also staying over with her three young kids from Christmas to new year's.

I'd been planning on doing some work on my freelance projects when I had free time; in the mornings when my family had no plans. I wasn't in any rush; I was already ahead of schedule on them all, but I didn't really have anything else to do. It was in a really rural area and it's like an hour drive to the nearest anything

Then my cousin and her husband asked if I could babysit all day for three days, so they could visit some friends in the area and hang out with just adults. I said I had planned on doing freelance work at the library, and she offered to pay me to babysit.

I said I could if they got close to my freelance rates. She wanted a number, and although my freelance rates are $60 I didn't feel like that was right, it was high. But I didn't want to go too low; honestly babysitting 3 kids would be harder for me than the routine coding work I had for my freelance project. I don't know a lot about kids and I've never babysat for long, and I had a feeling it would be stressful and difficult.

So I said $35, which is below what I make hourly at work, and what is the bare minimum I'd value my time for, if that time is spent doing difficult work. 

And she went crazy at me, saying that's a ridiculous rate for babysitting, that I was entitled and being selfish, that I'm trying to take advantage of how she didn't have other options, etc.

I said that's way below what I'd be making if I had the time to do my own work, and I'd be putting off my own work to babysit. 

Her husband then got mad at me saying that I was a 24 year old girl, that I'm damn near a child myself, that my time is not worth that much and it's childish to say that it was. And that I was a stupid girl for not knowing that babysitting costs like 15 an hour, when I grew up and have kids of my own I will see how stupid I was being.

I was kind of done with being called stupid so I just told them I hoped they could find someone else.

My mom thinks that I asked for something offensive, and my cousin and her husband obviously did too.

AITA for giving that number?Background: I graduated from college 4 years ago live at home with my parents. My sister graduated 2 years ago and also lives with my parents. We both got jobs pretty much straight out of college. I pay my parents $800/month in rent since my first paycheck.

This is a throwaway and it's still fresh and I'm really emotionally charged right now. Last night my parents were talking loudly about their financial problems in the living room. I overheard and I offered to help by paying more in rent (I was thinking $900-1000) since it covers utilities/phone/internet. My parents were grateful. Now, prior to this, I never asked my how much sister pays in rent. I always figured my parents charged us the same. So absentmindedly I asked a follow-up question.

Me: How much is [my sister] paying [for rent]?

My Mom: Nothing.

A long ass pause.

Me: What do you mean she doesn't pay rent?

My Dad (visibly angry): Your sister doesn't pay a fucking thing!

My dad explained how my sister recently bought a brand new car and hasn't paid insurance on it so my dad had to pay for it. She doesn't pay rent. She doesn't pay utilities/phone/anything. So for the past 2 years she's been living rent free while I've been paying my parents.

So later that night we had a family sit down talk. My sister didn't want to pay rent, especially at how much I was paying. She offered $100. My parents suggested she pay $300, I pay $800 which my sister and I both rejected.

The conversation ended with this:

Sister: **FUCK YOU. I'M TRYING TO LIVE MY LIFE.** [These were her exact words which pissed me the fuck off to holy hell)

So my sister storms off to her room and it's now me, my parents in the living room. I'm extremely upset at this because it's massively unfair. My mom is upset that everyone's angry at each other and my dad's angry my sister won't pay rent and she won't move out and both my parents don't want to police involved.

So I say my part before leaving.

Me: I'm not going to pay any more rent until she does. (It's only fair right?) And if I do pay rent, I pay whatever she's being.

My mom: What if she pays $300 and you pay $800-

Me: No.

My mom: But [me], we really need the money...

Me: That's too bad.

I get up and go off to my room.

So this morning my dad comes in tells me that I'M AN ASSHOLE FOR NOT PAYING RENT. That I should pay rent because it's the right thing to do and all this shit. I'm like, "what the hell? make [my sister] pay rent!"

My mom, who's listening in.

"You've seen her! She won't listen to us!"

Me: WELL THAT'S TOO BAD.

My mom (really angry): WELL WE WOULDN'T HAVE THIS PROBLEM IF YOU DIDN'T TRY TO MAKE YOUR SISTER PAY RENT.

That was the last straw that blew it for me. I slammed the door on my parents.

As I'm typing this my parents are in the living room discussing how both their children are rotten and shit was better back in the home country/back in their day when kids listened to their parents. Like wtf?Since we just blew past 800,000 subscribers, it occurs to me that a half million of you may have arrived here since the last time I ranted about voting on this sub. So, if you just got here from the front page or subscribed in the last month, first of all: Welcome to the sub! Second of all, cut your shit out, you're ruining our nice little discussion.

You may not need to hear this, but a whole lot of people evidently do, so here are a couple of guidelines for how to vote like an adult:

* **Upvote real dilemmas**. If you see a post where you actually have trouble deciding whether the OP is an asshole or not, **UPVOTE IT**, because that's an interesting post!!
* **Upvote assholes who aren't trolling**. If you see a post where you think the OP is an asshole, but you doubt that he realizes he did anything wrong, **UPVOTE IT** and grab your popcorn, because this is going to be fun!
* **Stop rewarding validation posts**. Upvotes are not a political statement. They aren't something you give because the OP is really nice. Every time people upvote a boring, obvious post because the OP is admirable and blameless, they aren't rewarding the OP, they're ruining the sub. If you want to tell OP they're great, write an NTA comment and praise them all you want. Don't ruin our front page because you want to reward someone who gave 1,000 free meals to starving kids but still wants to know if they're the asshole because kid number 789 didn't like taste of his quinoa. Give them gold, and stay the hell away from the orange arrow.

As you can see, stupid voting makes mods angry. Judging by the amount of whining we catch when an obvious validation post gets 5k upvotes, it makes subscribers angry too. What makes everyone happy is using your upvote to promote content *that belongs here and that other people will be interested in*. This is how upvotes work everywhere on reddit, but surprisingly, no one seems to accept this. Please be the better person and vote correctly here. Interesting content depends on it!  (If you think a post breaks a rule or is too low value to tolerate, reporting is always an option.)

Also important: In the comments, show a little backbone. **Don't downvote everyone you disagree with.** If you say the post is NTA, and someone else says it's ESH, you're both contributing, and you're both making the discussion interesting. If you downvote whoever you disagree with, you take a conversation that might have been an interesting interaction, and push it one step closer to being a meaningless echo chamber. There are plenty of places to go and circle-jerk with people who already think the same way you do; if that's what you want, please go there. The whole idea of this sub is to consider everyone else's opinion, not just reinforce your own. If you can't handle seeing an idea you don't agree with getting a little attention, please unsubscribe and GTFO. You have come to the wrong place.

P.S. If you have read this far and not unsubscribed, thank you. Maybe you're not an asshole after all.  


Edit:  I see a lot of people in this discussion suggesting rules we already have in place.  I suggest you read the full rule book and the FAQ if you think you've got a new idea.  


* **Rule Book**: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/index](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/index)
* **FAQ:** [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/wiki/faq)I fucking hate wedding culture.

It's bullshit.

My fiance and I thought we would escape the bullshit and money by having a small thing. Well, family started trying to throw money at us to make it bigger and more spectacular. We were surprised, but it was a good surprise.

Then the demands started coming out. They wanted this, they wanted that, they wanted this person to come, these colors, dresses can't do this, this person has to be flower girl, this person HAS to be a groomsman, etc etc. Suddenly it didn't feel like our wedding, but an excuse for our families to have a family reunion.

We put our foot down and said:

>Thank you all for your kindness and generosity when it comes to our wedding. Unfortunately, it looks like we may not have been on the same page as the rest of you. When we were offered money for this wedding, we did not realize it came with strings attached. With so many requests and so many demands from people we didn't expect would think they had a say in *our* wedding, we have decided to give everyone their money back.   
>  
>Our understanding of what a gift is must be very different.  
>  
>If you would like to give us money without strings attached or requests or demands, we will gracefully accept it. But if you believe a gift should come with stipulations, we must regretfully, and politely decline.

This has caused an epic shitstorm. Such to the point where I have people saying they will never come to our wedding (honestly, not the worse thing in the world), that we are spoiled, we're assholes, etc etc etc. My parents are rather upset about it, but hers (who never made any demands and gave us a small cash gift) said we did the right thing. 

We are halfway to canceling the whole party and just absconding into the wilderness to do the wedding the way we want. 

AITA? (Are We?) Previous Post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/e1oy5c/aita\_if\_i\_cancel\_christmas\_because\_i\_cant\_afford/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/e1oy5c/aita_if_i_cancel_christmas_because_i_cant_afford/) 

So, it's been 2 weeks and somehow the messages are still coming in.  Thankfully the offers of charity have stopped (here's hoping they were redirected to their communities) but a good deal of them asking whether or not I stopped being a grinch and started being a good husband and father again.  So, to get those people placated first, here you go:  I DECORATED.  Pics without our faces only, sorry.  


[https://imgur.com/H4b2Cak](https://imgur.com/H4b2Cak)

[https://imgur.com/QySEGOS](https://imgur.com/QySEGOS)

[https://imgur.com/w074cpg](https://imgur.com/w074cpg)

&#x200B;

I also spoke with a financial advisor, who is helping me set up a budget for 2020, and a counselor who helped me realize that I was worth more than the goods I could offer someone.  She recommended 2 separate therapists to me, and neither are taking new patients before the new year, so for now, my wife and I are working on our budget and cleaning out various corners of the house for things to sell.  So far, we've gotten rid of some unused basement furniture, a mini fridge that has been empty for 2 years, a bunch of wine racks and paraphernalia (we don't drink at home since the baby was born 2 years ago, so no need to keep it around) as well as some other things and made about $750, more than enough to pay all the overdue bills, put some money in savings, and groceries in the cupboard.  It's going to be a long road to pay off this cc debt, but we're finally addressing the issue head on and moving in the right direction.

Since my last paycheck (that covered mortgage and utilities, no worries there, for those who asked if I was behind, thank you) I have also been offered (and taken) 3 DJ gigs for Holiday parties.  2 for personal friends/acquaintances businesses, 1 for a charity.  I refused payment for the children's charity gig, instead offering to give the money right back to the kids instead, which was gratefully accepted by the organizer.  The extra cash from the 2 paying gigs paid down some more debt, and was enough leftover to allow me to have bought some nice new books and a Moana doll for my little girl to open on Xmas morning, (to say nothing of the bags of presents from both sets of grandparents full of clothes and toys, so she'll be fine from a presents standpoint).

Inspired by everyone's offers of charity, I volunteered again at Paul's Place in Baltimore, where this time I donned the hairnet and apron and served hot meals.  Cell phones are prohibited inside, plus taking photos of yourself doing charity work defeats the purpose of said work.  I also organized a food drive at my office to provide meal kits for Christmas for needy families, and we were able to donate 574 lbs of food to the MD Food Bank!

Thank you to all who reached out and made me realize that I really was an asshole.  I let my personal shortcomings almost ruin a holiday for my wife and child.  It won't be as fancy as our last Christmases, but I have a feeling that this year will be very special to me, no matter how little is under my tree.  I realized that I have all the gifts I need, and I cannot thank the beautiful people who offered up so much charity to a grumpy stranger.  I didn't need to accept your gifts to accept your love, and the offers alone changed my life.

&#x200B;

Happy Holiday's y'all.I’m 15 years old. I have a stepsister who is a couple years older than me and she is really seriously disabled. I’m not sure what’s wrong with her because no one ever wants to discuss it with me but she’s non verbal, breaks her bones a lot, and has severe epilepsy and will have many fitting episodes. She also doesn’t understand stuff. That’s probably the easiest way to put it. She’s just a human body with nothing inside. 

She’s my stepmoms daughter. My stepmom married my dad 3 years ago and they dated only for a year before that. I don’t know my stepmom very well and I don’t really get on with her. We are respectful to each other but I’m basically living with strangers because she’s so busy with her daughter and my dad. I am always on my own and I used to hate it but I’m used to it now.

Ever since they moved in to live with us life changed drastically for me because all the care now revolves around my stepsister. That’s fine, I get it, but both my stepmom and my dad ask me to do things for my stepsister that I don’t want to do and I resent doing. Stuff like staying home when I want to go to the mall with my friends, they’re disappointed that I don’t get her anything for her birthday with my very limited funds, etc. 

My own mom passed away when I was small so I can’t go and stay anywhere else and all in all I’m just a lot more angry than I used to be because they seem really disappointed whenever I say I don’t want to do anything for her. Even stuff like feeding her- like- I don’t want to sit there feeding her banana pudding and wiping her drool. I didn’t ask for this. 

Anyway, she recently fell a few days ago and had a seizure for 8 minutes. She was taken to hospital and the doctors want to keep her in and look after her. I don’t want to go and visit her. I remember seeing my mom in hospital before she died and I just hate hospitals and I sort of hate my stepsister and I just don’t want to go and visit someone who doesn’t even know I’m there. 

My stepmom is really upset with me and so is my dad. They haven’t yelled at me or anything but they are both being super cold towards me because I don’t want to visit. My grandma who lives in Canada called me up out the blue and told me it was okay and I don’t need to force myself to go to the hospital so I’m assuming my dad has told her I’m refusing to go. He keeps pleading with me but I keep telling him I’m not doing it. I told him hospitals remind me of mom and he got even more upset and said my stepsister might die and I need to stop being so selfish towards my stepmom. 

I just want to know what Reddit thinks because half my friends think I should go and the other half think I’m justified in saying no.My wife is pregnant with our daughter. Initially we were really happy and excited about it. But then, she starts acting like a nut job. She gets angry and irritated for small things, insults me when she doesn't like the food I make, starts acting insecure and accuses me of losing attraction for her.

For example, she wanted to eat chicken sandwiches for dinner last week. Well, I made chicken sandwiches. So she eats all the sandwiches, leaves me nothing and told me that they tasted like shit. I wasn't pissed because she left me nothing. But if she didn't like them, why did she have to eat everything? When I asked her this she told me that she was hungry. Ok fine. She does this every time. Eats everything I make and calls it shit. I don't argue with her because I work for more than 80 hours a week and I really want to have some peace when I'm home.

So, yesterday, a random girl starts at flirting with me after the gym and asked me if I wanted to meet up with her for some drinks. I rejected her and told her that I was married. And when I got home, my wife started to hug me and apologise. When I asked her what happened, she told me that her best friend suggested a test for my loyalty. So they asked a mutual friend to flirt with me and asked me out. And I passed. Yay!!. I'm really pissed. I'm done with her antics. WIBTA if I ask her to move out?

Edit: I don't live in the USA. Please don't discuss legalities based on the laws there.My son found the post, and shared it with my daughter. This was after apologizing to her. She cried again. 
  
So last week, we decided to have a father/daughter bonding weekend. Honestly, it was awesome. I took her bowling, to get a manicure, becoming Disney princesses(I looked awesome as Jasmine), and so forth. She loved it. I loved it. Everyone was happy. Then we decided to go out to eat dinner. “I’m starving, what do you want Maddie?” “Hi Starving, I’m not your daughter”. She had this biggest smirk on her face. She hugged me and I kissed her forehead. I’m sure she’d been planning this for weeks.
 
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/dhfeg9/aita_for_making_a_dad_joke/This issue is honestly making me frustrated. Almost everyone is saying I am in the wrong, people are talking behind my back and I genuinely don't know if what I did was correct or not. I just feel so lost. Please, please do help.

I am 17, suffered a major accident while cycling when I was 13. I have 2 really deep,long facial scars. I have been bullied really bad because of it. I am tall, ugly and intimidating as per most girls. People make fun of other people by saying things like "Why don't you just hook up with u/throwawayfor2k19." I am honestly used to it. Those people didn't matter to me anyway.

But there is this girl I had known since middle school. Let's call her Back I guess? Sorry, I honestly don't know how this works. I had a really, really big crush on her till a few days ago. I thought she was geniunely sweet and amazing. My family is incredibly supportive so they urged me to ask her out. I can play a guitar so I made this whole song for her. I went to the neighbouring city to get her favorite chocolate and stuff like that. This was the first time I felt like really going and asking someone out in my life, and I felt that regardless of what I do, she shall see me for who I am and at least accept me as a friend.

I was over the moon when she ended up accepting. We went to a fancy restaurant,had a fun time together and walked for 30 minutes. She was really sweet to me. The next week or so was honestly heaven. People started noticing me, even her friends seemed friendly with me, I honestly cried everyday because I felt so fortunate to get so much love.
It all broke down when a friend of hers, who was on Instagram and followed Beck, sent screenshots to me. I honestly felt betrayed and disgusted.

She had posts saying 'Fulfilled his lifelong wish by being his Valentine's", 'Making his day by finally helping him interact with my friends','he is ugly but beautiful people accept ugly people' '#uglypeoplematter' etc. Beck's friend then explained me that she apparently wanted a good social media image and had thus asked all her friends to be kind to me and tolerate me till the first week of March, and then distance themselves from me. She apparently wanted to win some stupid 'positive role model' award for her college application because she was lagging behind in community service.And thought playing with my feelings for a few days wouldn't hurt, and apparently since I was ugly she was the kind one to give me attention anyway.

I was in tears and honestly felt disgusted. My blood was boiling. I researched about this award, found a Facebook page about it online.I went to the authorities to confirm if her name was on the nominations list, and then had my friend's at work and family as alibi.

She is apparently crying a lot because she received a message from the committee saying her nomination was withdrawn. I am now even more ostracised in school, but honestly I have no remorse whatsoever and feel far more satisfied.


Edit: I am honestly really grateful for not only judging me(not in that way) but also giving me love and support. Each comment means the world to me. I am honestly crying reading some of the encouragement. No one besides my family has said these things to me. I know it might seem silly,but it geniunely means the world to me guys. From the bottom of my heart,thank you.

Edit 2: Honestly the support is geniunely overwhelming. I promise to not let you down and to continue being a good person. Thank you for the gold.Thank you all so much for the private messages you have sent me too. I honestly have gone through as many as I can and I just feel really fortunate and grateful.

I sincerely hope you all have an amazing life ahead. Thank you so so much, this has been one of the highlights of my year.

Edit 3: I am sorry for boring you with all these edits. I geniunely can't thank you guys enough. I showed my parent's these posts and they had tears of joy too. I am so thankful to each and every one of you guys, loads of love.

BUT, I have been noticing a worrying number of DMs saying me I could have used her body and had some fun after knowing the truth etc.

I am not this kind of person and I hope nobody is. I have my own integrity. It's NOT right to just forcefully have sex with her, that's appalling. A couple of other DMs sent me links to secret webcams to expose her nudes etc. It's honestly horrifying. I am not that kind of person and shall never ever be one. I just want to make the world a better place and the people around me happy. 

I thank these people for their support, but their way to go around it is very wrong. A lot of women ARE amazing. My mother is amazing, the person who sent the screenshots is amazing, my coworkers are amazing, and I am sure many women out there are amazing.  Please don't tell me to take 'the red pill' or anything of that sort. Because I am not going to do that, ever. Please don't say all women are manipulative etc. 

This post isn't anti-women in anyway, it's me talking about the person I believe wronged me.I get that people love to up-vote and encourage people who aren't the assholes, but this is ridiculous. Of the approximate top 30 "hot" posts right now, only one is a YTA post. The top posts of the week are also predominantly filled with NTA posts.

&#x200B;

This subreddit is at its best when there are varied stories with different judgements to read and learn from. Up-voting an asshole isn't positive reinforcement of bad behavior when the final judgement is still YTA. Make those assholes known!Backstory: My wife is coming back from a four day business trip. Her flight is just under three hours, and she will be landing around 12:30 AM. Airport is about 30 mins away from our home. She generally hates flying in this late, and asked if I could come pick her up from the airport (**To clarify:** the airport is O’Hare. It’s a huge, busy airport. There are hundreds of business travelers coming through even at 1 AM, and a huge fleet of taxis / ubers standing by to take them home. If this was a little airport and she was waiting by herself for a taxi for 20 mins, you would not be reading this post. As much as people are sensitive to it, safety is realistically not a huge issue here.)

&nbsp;

I have to get up early and commute to work the next morning, and wouldn’t be getting home until 1-1:30 AM. I get why she wants me to come, and I know it would be the good thing to do..... but I also feel like she’d be completely fine just taking a taxi this one time... Am I just being lazy, or am I being a lazy asshole here Reddit?

&nbsp;

Edit: (Sigh.) Goddammit. I kind of knew in the back of my head that I should just go, but thank you for confirming. I’ll suck it up and go get her. Thanks Reddit!


&nbsp;

**Edit 2: I went. She had a shitty flight and was surprised/overwhelmed to see me and cried happy tears. It was a cute moment. Your comments and shaming made it all possible. Ok off to bed.**Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ehmsme/aita_for_letting_my_brother_call_me_dad_and/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Hey guys! So many people wanted me to update on my previous post and wanted me to seek professional advice first before I take matters into my own hands. Apologies if it is long. I'll try to make it as detailed as possible while making this short.

I went to my local therapist and told him about my situation and asked what to do. To keep it short, he said he's heard similar recounts from before and said it is best if I tell him as soon as possible for multiple reasons and to **make sure that my bio-children are present** (multiple reasons). I asked a few of my closest friends and the majority said more or less the same thing.

My wife and I decided to sit the kids down and burst the big bubble. I asked my brother Josh to come closer and I made sure I held him close and make him feel comfortable. He asked "What's going on?" but I started by telling us how much we cared and loved for him, then told him everything about my parents (I put them in a bright light in hopes of a reunion) and who I am to him, then quickly hugged him and my other two kids together and told him that I love all my children the same and NOTHING is going to change my love for him. He was shocked and asked if I was joking, but I was starting to cry a little at this point, so he knew I was serious. My bio-children were very surprised too. He was in tears and asked me why I didn't tell him sooner. I didn't know what to say and said "I was just trying to protect you, I'm sorry and I hope you can forgive me", but unfortunately and understandably, he left.

He didn't talk to me as much, again, understandably so. I continuously offered him to go out to the park and play a bit of football (he loves that) and all his favourite things, but he just outright declined and even got a little angry sometimes for me even talking to him. I thought I messed up big-time, until one day while my wife and two children were out doing shopping and we were alone, he came up to me and said "I know you're not my real father, but I want to let you know you're the best dad in the whole world. Sorry for before." I hugged him and things got pretty emotional. It would be a big lie to say my house is normal now (far from that), but things are slowly - ever so slowly - starting to brighten up. There's no longer anything to hide anymore and it feels like we are born again.

Josh is a tough kid, and he handled this far better than I believed he would. I'll be looking into therapy for him to help him recover just incase it doesn't go well in the long run. I'll strive and continue to be a great dad to my kids, and a great dad to my brother/son. Thank you Reddit for pushing me towards this happy ending. Thank you for all the advice and judgements I got (excluding the rude ones about my uncles and aunts -- eeek!) I love you all. Good night.I have a female co-worker who repeatedly calls me out regarding my weight. I'm female 5'9" 115lbs and very thin. She is very overweight. All the time she makes comments about my weight. She doesn't call me by name she calls me "slim" and I even heard her say one time "go ask toothpick" and she has said stuff like "you need some meat on your bones" & "you need to eat". I have only worked there 8 days. I have asked her very nicely to stop. Yesterday I asked her to stop calling me slim again and she basically said it's her mouth and she can say what she wants. 

Today when she said "morning slim" I replied "morning chunky" and she got upset and actually started crying. Everybody here at work, (only 6 of us total) is saying I'm wrong and I should apologize because being called fat is "different" than being called skinny because being called skinny is a "compliment". I said as long as she calls me slim, I will call her chunky and now I'm the bad person. AITA if I don't apologize? The owner/manager has completely ignored the situation saying it's "a high school issue and we should figure it out".

EDIT FOR MORE INFO: We don't have HR. There's only 6 of us working here (cupcake shop). We are all regular employees. I went to the owner BEFORE I called her chunky and I asked him to talk to her because I felt she was harassing me. That's when he said we can handle it ourselves. That's why I called her chunky. I told her to stop calling me slim and I didn't like it and she continued to do it. She didn't stop doing it after I asked multiple times and I didn't know what to do besides what she was doing to me. She brought up my weight, I brought up her's.I have 3 kids, 15F, 12F and 7M. My oldest has always been a cuddler, and that suits me fine because I am too. Recently my in laws were over, and we were all watching a movie together. It was a kids movie, and so my 15yo was bored out of her mind and tired, so she started to snuggle up to me and go to sleep.

After the movie was over, we sent all the kids to bed/their rooms and got chatting for a bit longer. There was a fair bit of wine involved (I was sober though), and eventually after a short silence my FIL let it drop that he thought it was inappropriate I still cuddled with my 15yo. I don't really know why he brought it up suddenly, but I was prepared to laugh it off and just assumed it was the alcohol. To my surprise, my wife and MIL both agreed with him.

I have a lot of respect for my in-laws, I get along with them great and I consider them closer than my own parents. Obviously I'm quite fond of my wife as well, but I outright told them to "fuck off and go fuck themselves" and then left them and went to bed. I've never spoken to any of them like that before, but it felt like the right thing to say in the moment. They all want me to apologize for being so rude to them. AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit due to info request: We were not spooning, she was sitting next to me laying on my chest.

Edit of my own free will: Idk if it's important info, but I didn't yell.

Edit: I think I've read most everything now, thanks for all the messages of support and hate, I liked them all. Some people asked me to make an update post, I don't think I will, sorry. I've been speaking to them over the past few days and I know why they said what they said (although it's not relevant to me telling them to fuck off), but it's pretty personal and I don't feel like sharing. I wont be apologizing to any of them, especially now that I know their reasoning. I love my wife, but it hurts that she doesn't trust me.My friends are dating, they’re also actors who have had small roles on a few tv shows (I’m talking two lines or less). I say this not to be a hater, I truly am rooting for them, but to give you a scope of their reach. Neither of them have a following in real life or on social media (they’ve got under 1500 followers combined). 

Anyway last week I posted a group picture on Instagram of people celebrating a friends birthday. Everyone in the photo has got their arms around each other’s shoulders. Very platonic. 

Anyway yesterday in a group chat between the three of us they asked me to take the photo down because they don’t want “the public” to know they are dating. I would consider it if they looked bad/too sloppy drunk/etc. but they don’t. Also everyone has their arms around each other, not just them. 

Anyway I asked what they meant, and they said they didn’t want to end up in gossip rags....

I pointed out that they are not famous and that they don’t even have functioning IMDb pages. They were livid and called me a bunch of names. 

I think they’re delusional but they’ve been texting me demanding it and even sent me screenshots of them reporting it (nothing has happened). At this point, I don’t even want to be their friend. However, and probably because I’m an asshole, I don’t want to delete it based solely on principle.

Edit: okay, so many of y’all are right. I suppose I should separate how I feel about their (ridiculous/delusional/stupid) reasoning with the fact that no one should have an image of themselves online that they don’t want made public. I’ll take it down.I'm going to try to keep this short and simple. I always tell my daughter and my stepdaughter if they're ever in a situation that they need to get out of, just call me and I'll drop whatever I'm doing and I will pick them up no questions asked no judgments made. I let them know that I used to be a teenager once before, I told them everyone is entitled to make bad decisions every now and then. We're only human and it's a part of life.

Last weekend I got a call from my stepdaughter (17), she told me she snuck out of the house and went to a party and had too much to drink. She was scared of passing out at the party because there was people there she didn't know.

I got there just in time, she was so drunk she couldn't even walk. I had to pick her up and carry her to the car. I told her I was disappointed that she snuck out, but I also told her I was glad she made the right choice, the safe choice to have me pick her up.

I haven't told my wife about it, because I don't want to violate the deal I made with her. I want her to know that she can trust me. I just hope I'm making the right choice.While sitting next to my girlfriend on a plane I was bored as fuck and looking at the maps are that are found in the back of the airline magazines. A conversation led to her revealing that she did not know where Florida was on the map. Keep in mind she had graduated a private high school and is currently going into her senior year of college. Conversation progressed further into me finding out she could not point out AUSTRALIA either. I was visibly astonished at this revelation and essentially said "...are you kidding." She immediately got defensive calling me an asshole for making her feel stupid. I do feel bad for making her feel stupid, although I feel as if my reaction to her not being educated on such elementary shit was warranted and may even be a wake up call for her to learn some basic geography... AITA?Hi all. 

I gave birth four weeks ago, and we decided to have a ''baby ceremony'', where everyone gets to meet our lovely daughter Charlotte. 

My cousin Alice and her parents were among the guests. The first thing I'll say about her is that she has expensive taste. She's the sort of person who has a *minimum* price range for how much she spends on clothing. She doesn't own anything that isn't designer and has some items of clothing that cost thousands. She is a banker and still lives with parents so can afford the lifestyle. 

It was Alice's turn to hold the baby and she was happy to at first, but suddenly Charlotte vomited on her. Alice handed Charlotte back to me and ran off crying, and spent the rest of the event crying in the car. I went to see her to apologise but she didn't want to hear any of it. My mum gave her one of her shirts which was too big for her and she felt completely upset and humiliated.

Today I got a call from my mum, saying that she'd been on the phone to her sister (Alice's mum) saying that they want me to reimburse the cost of the blouse (roughly £1800) since it was completely ruined. 

I have said no. At the end of the day we all know what babies can be like. She took a risk wearing something so expensive knowing a baby was nearby and unfortunately it backfired. I feel bad for her but it was not my fault. 

Am I doing the right thing by refusing to pay up?https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ck2eaj/aita_for_shutting_down_black_names_because_i/

I posted a month ago about a dilemma my husband and I were having with our baby's name. We had already decided on a girl's name because it honors his mother but we're stuck on a boy's name. My husband thought it was important for our son to have a name strongly tied to black American culture. I wanted a more neutral name since I am biracial and grew up with a stereotypical black name. We found out we are having a boy and decided on his name. His name will be....

Miles Trayvon

We thought it was a perfect compromise. My husband's family tends to use middle names a lot so he'll probably be "Tray" to most of them. When he's in school his name will just be listed as Miles (last name). He can officially be Miles T. (Last name) if he doesn't want to use Trayvon but he can also easily go by Trayvon if he feels more connected to that name. This option gives him the choice, which my husband and I agreed was important. My husband hated growing up with a stereotypical white boy name and said it caused some ribbing from people in his community who saw him as being less black. He talked about how in 8 Mile Eminem's character says something like, "This guy's a gangsta? His real name is Clarence." That's not to say my husband ever wanted to be a gangsta. He's an actuary lol but he said he felt like his name played a role in further isolating him from his black peers growing up.

I had the opposite experience. My mom is white and my dad is black. They decided on a stereotypical black name and I think it made my life harder. Professional I go by a nickname and I do personally as well. When talking about it with my husband I realized it started early. I remember being about 4 and being out with my white grandma. A woman came up to me, touched my hair, told my grandma I was beautiful, and then asked what my name was. Instead of saying my real name my grandma said, "Her name is Daisy." I attended an HBCU and finally felt comfortable with my given name but noticed a lot of seniors with black names used shortened versions of their names for job applications. For example, Raquan Smith would put "Ray Smith", Demarcus Jones would put "Marcus Jones", Keshawnda Nelson would put "Shawna Nelson", etc. They said you had to play within the system and I did that.

Anyway, sorry for the long update. I just wanted to explain why this was such a big deal to both of us. We didn't really get deep into it until after I posted here so thanks for encouraging that dialogue. Before anyone says it, I do realize some people will connect Trayvon to Trayvon Martin. That's not why we are using it. I posted about this in namenerds and a lot of people were upset by it but I don't mean to offend anyone. It's a family name on my husband's side.

Edit: Thanks for all the DMs but please stop sending me articles about the woman named Marijuana Pepsi and the black Spider-Man named Miles. Thanks y'all.link to my last post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/epmdeh/aita_for_donating_my_daughters_college_fund/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf


I’ve gotten messages asking for an update, so I’ll give one.

I left my husband. He told me I couldn’t do what I wanted with the college fund. I took my name off the account so my ex husband was the only owner in the case that my (soon to be ex) husband tried to claim that money in our divorce.

My daughters father and I went for a trip to my daughters favorite town, we went to her favorite spot and spread her ashes. 

I’ve been staying with my sister, and looking for apartments to move into. 

As far as the fund, we have discussed starting a scholarship, or paying a students tuition. We haven’t decided exactly what to do. 

That’s about itI'm 25(M) and have lived with my girlfriend for the last few months. I pay rent and all bills because a few months ago she was kicked out of her parents home (that's a story for another time), although she also does have a job (she is horrible with her money and has no savings).

So a few weeks ago my little brother (10) moved in with me, and my grandparents said they were going to move overseas and could not take him - my parents passed a few years ago, and when they passed I was still in college and hence couldn't take him in, even though I loved him very much (still obviously do). When I got my own place, I felt it would be selfish to uproot his new home, so just left him with my grandparents. However, I visited him almost every day whilst he was living there.

When I informed my girlfriend of my little brother moving in, she was very angry, although she eventually calmed down and accepted it - probably because she realised she could do nothing about it.

My girlfriend has been quite aggressive to my little brother. My little brother is very shy and has anxiety issues, and often has panic attacks. Therefore, the day before he came I told my girlfriend to be welcoming and make him feel wanted on her part.

However, the last few weeks have been very concerning. She has been very aggressive with my brother. Yesterday, when he accidentally spilt his drink on MY lap, she yelled at him and called him worthless. He started crying and kept apologising to her, whilst hugging me and hiding his head in shame.

I told her that she could no longer live with me given how she treated my brother. I was aware that by making her leave, that she would be homeless. However, my brother comes first.

AITA for making her homeless without giving her time to sort out other arrangements?

EDIT#1: This is NOT a breakup post; I'm asking whether I'm an asshole for kicking someone out and making them homeless without notice because of her treatment of my brother.

EDIT#2: Regarding my grandparents, they had been planning to move to their country of birth (Finland) for years now. They had sorted all the details out before my parents died. They postponed it. They felt very guilty when they told me that they wanted to live their last years in their homeland, but I understood.So my last name is Doe. It hasn't affected my life much apart from occasionally being called "Dodo" while growing up or friends spelling it "D'Oh" as a joke, and I'm generally pretty neutral about it.

My wife is six months pregnant and wants to name our future son after her grandfather, who died of cancer in September. His name was John. 

I liked her grandfather, and I know he and my wife were very close, but I won't even consider it, not even for our son's middle name. I feel that's just setting him up a world of problems, especially when he grows up and has to apply for jobs. Nobody's going to believe "John Doe" is his real name. 

My wife thinks I'm being an asshole for vetoing a name with a strong family connection and says I'm exaggerating the issues he would face. AITA?My wife and I are both 42 and in marriage counselling after our marriage basically went to shit after having kids (6 and 4 year old twins). A lot of issues and disagreements have come up in our marriage that have driven us apart and I have been working through my resentment that going back for one more baby resulted in twins, including one which we are pretty sure has ADHD and ODD and is a *nightmare* child). 

Our counsellor asked me if I would have children if I had to do it all over again and I said "honestly, no". 

I love my kids and would take a bullet for them, but if I had the chance to go back to 24 when I finished grad school and could do my life over again, I wouldn't choose fatherhood. It is not the fulfilling experience everyone claims and while I love my children, the sacrifices are not worth it to me. I had a much happier life before having children and have gone from someone who loved life to someone who just.....makes it through the day, working a job he hates to provide for the wife and kids while silently wishing this wasn't my life. 

My wife is *furious* and taking it the wrong way and even told our 6 year old "daddy wishes you were never born" which makes me livid. You don't tell the kid that.

Yes, I wish I never had kids, but I do love them, would never hurt them or want to upset them. And I didn't say it to/in front of my kids and I never ever will. I said it in marriage counselling, what should be a safe space to talk about feelings. 

It has become a huge fight, our marriage is not going to be saved now, and I know she will try and use this against my in divorce court to try and get sole custody and take everything and lie to the kids who I do love and still want to be a Dad to them. She is incapable of understanding that you can love your kids but also feel that parenthood was the best choice for you. 
 
AITA for saying it though?

Edit: Ok this blew the fuck up and there is no way I can reply to everyone's questions. But to address a couple I have 3 kids not 4. One child is 6, two are four. English is not my first language and I forgot the comma, and even so that sentence would have been much clearer in my native language. 

When I say I resent having twins, I am not saying it is my wife's fault! But 3 children is more than we budgeted/bargained for and I need to pick up a lot overtime I that I would not have had to pick up if we just had 2 kids, and that is what I resent (that and the child with ADHD/ODD). My life is basically work and dealing with my kids. And do you know what ODD is? This child always refuses to do what is asked, gets angry and throws a tantrum when asked to do something he doesn't want to do, hits and kicks others, deliberately annoys and hurts others, is extremely spiteful, screams and kicks me constantly. ALWAYS. All day. Every day. It's exhausting and it is hell. 

Yeah. I would't have him again. Most people wouldn't if they had to raise him.  

Just because I wouldn't do this over again doesn't mean I'm not committed to being a good dad and being present in their lives. I just would not do it over again if I could redo my adult life. 

My first kid was not born at 24, I just said that because if I could do my whole post-University life differently, I would change some other things too (mainly career) and to be honest, after all this, I regret marrying my wife, which is why I said it that way.

Regarding calling the ADHD/ODD twin a nightmare, go google what that means. It is very difficult to manage and he has even been kicked out of three daycare places because they could not handle him and my parents even refuse to babysit him. We never get a break from home and no one can handle time.I (46M) live with my wife and my 17 year old son. My wife has been on a different continent for about a month taking care of her dying mother, so it has just been me and my son for that time.

My son and I have a very close relationship where he tells me almost everything going on in his life. On Saturday, he told me that he was going to his first ever high school party this upcoming weekend. He was a bit nervous since he had never really drank before, but he knew that he was going to on that occasion. I'm not sure if this is relevant, but this is in Canada where the drinking age is 19 (in my province), and teenage drinking is very common.

I asked my son if he wanted to have a few beers with me while we watched a sports game that night, as a "test run" of sorts. My logic was that if he goes into the party with zero awareness of his tolerance then it could end badly, and it would be best for him to find out his limit in the safety of his home with me.

We had some beers over a few hours in the night, and I cut him off at 6 (he has had beer in the past, but never more than one at a time). He was pretty drunk but he was okay, and slept it off. We talked about it the next day, and we agreed that six was a bit much for him, and now he knows to have fewer than that at the party.

I was actually pretty content with this whole situation, since he had his "first experience" drinking in a safe environment, and I feel much more comfortable with him going to a party now. However, in an effort to be transparent I told my wife about it the other day over the phone, and she was livid. She thinks it was reckless and irresponsible.

AITA?

INFO: I understandably am getting flack for not telling my wife beforehand, but I figured she had enough going on and I didn't need to bother her with something that seemed pretty trivial at the time

EDIT: Thanks for all the comments, I am reading every single one! I appreciate the different perspectivesThis line at a Starbucks I went to was really long. I was in line for a good maybe 20 minutes. Until this lady in a Mercedes tries to cut in front of me and like 8 others behind me. I laid on the horn and tried to block her from cutting me but she succeeded anyway and flipped me off. 

Okay. I’m the type of person who will not let someone get away with shit like this. So I waited until she pulls up and as soon as she tries to order, I honk. She then looks at me with a dirty look and gives me the finger which I already had a middle finger of my own ready for her. Each time she makes an attempt to order something I honk and sometimes lay on the horn for 3 seconds. We stopped as soon as she drove off. We then ordered and went about our day. 

I just can’t people who are extremely rude like that lady and I couldn’t simply let this go. 

AITA for this?I've worked at my office for 8 years. I'm on good terms with management and most of my co-workers.
​

Five months ago, a new guy was hired on a 6-month probationary period. I'm not his supervisor, but I'm definitely a senior employee. I'll call the guy Ted Faro, because he's a dick.

​

Supervisor was going around introducing Ted to people, and when he got to me said "This is John" and described my job.

​

Ted: "Hi, Jack."

Me: "It's John."

​
Ted: "What?"
​

Me: "My name's John, not Jack."

Ted: "It's close enough for me."

Supervisor: "His name's John, not Jack. Let's move on."

​

This continued for a few months. Despite reminders from supervisors (when he referred to me when I wasn't present) and myself, he continued to use the name Jack. I finally told him "You either use my name, or I ignore you completely, no matter what the situation is."

​

His response was "Sure thing, Jackie boy."

​

Since I don't work directly with him, I figured "screw it" and that I'd ignore him.

​

Recently he had a 2-day business trip that required car rental. I work late some nights, and Ted came to me and says "Hey, Jack, I'll be dropping the rental car off at 7 when I get back. See you there for a lift back to the office!"

​

(they closed at 6 and there's a drop box)

​

As promised, I ignored him.

​

7:15 rolls around on the night he's dropping off and I get a call. I recognize his number, so I ignored it. He called 7 more times, then starts e-mailing.

The first one was along the lines of "Jack I'm at Enterprise. Come pick me up."

E-mails pour in every 5-10 minutes, addressing me as Jack, Jack-o, Jackie, and Jackie-boy. The emails also started being laced with profanity and a couple threats.

​

I signed out and went home. It was raining hard.

Next morning, I saw that Ted had sent a few more e-mails. I printed them off. At 10am, he storms up to my desk and  screams "Where the [f-bomb] were you? I told you when to pick me up! I HAD TO TAKE A CAB! DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH THAT COST ME?!" He goes on like that for a bit until his supervisor came and hauled him away and asked to speak to me.

​

Supervisor: "Ted tells me that you ignored his requests for a pickup when he dropped off the rental. He was caught out in the rain."

​

I relayed what happened, and showed him the printed e-mails. I'd highlighted the threats.

Supervisor: "I can see why you wouldn't want to spend time around him. But it was still kind of inconsiderate to leave him stranded in the rain. That's not the greatest neighborhood and he could have been hurt." he sighed and said "With the threats and him being on probation, he no longer works here. Just try not to be an a-hole in retaliation to your coworkers."

​

A few people at the office have commented that I'm the jerk for ignoring Ted and getting him riled up, which got him fired.

​

*AM* I the a-hole on this?I got the idea a few weeks ago to prank my friends my pretending to be an "Appletarian", meaning somebody who only eats food products that are derived from apples and would only drink apple juice or apple cider. 

I told them them all that I had read on the internet that eating only apples was the healthiest thing for you. When I first told them they thought I was joking, but they underestimated how committed I would be to a joke. So, whenever in the presence of one of my friends (or friend-of-friends/coworkers/etc who knew them) I was very careful to only be seen eating apples or drinking apple juice/cider. 

Apples whole, apples diced, apple sauce, the inside of an apple pie, baked apples, candy apples with the chocolate shaved off, etc. 

Finally after about a week they bought that I had become an Appletarian. They started giving me information about how unhealthy it was to only eat apples, and growing increasingly exasperated by it. Some of them even got angry.

But I wanted to stick with the joke. Finally, after the end of 3 weeks, I walked into what I was told was a movie night but was actually an intervention for me. 

They were all super concerned about my well being and had all sorts of information or whatever. Finally I started laughing hysterically. They were confused as hell so I told them I had been faking it the whole time and had been eating real meals outside their knowledge. I even took out some beef jerky from my pant pocket to prove it and munched it. 

I thought they'd appreciate the joke but they were actually really annoyed. My girlfriend even broke up with me over this because a few days ago I had ruined our date night when I told the waiter I only wanted apples because I was an Appletarian and had "embarrassed her for a dumb joke". 

In my opinion the joke was solid and they should appreciate my commitment to the prank. 

But, did I go too far?

I sound like a real asshole but I've completely lost my mind over this.

I'm 17 and my stepbrother is 17. We both have our driving license.

I just found out 5 days ago that my dad and stepmom bought a used car for my stepbrother. They got me a 600 dollar gift card to best buy. 

I know $600 is a lot of money but what the fuck? Am I crazy or is it super unfair? It's literally the straw that broke the goddamn camel's back.

I'm actually so pissed off that I've moved to my mom's house full time.

My dad seems to be genuinely sorry and told me he's looking for a car now but that it'll take a while.

I messaged him back saying that I'll decide if I want to see him after he decides to be fair for once. I've ignored all other calls and messages from him since.

My stepbrother messaged me saying that I need to chill out and that he'll let me use his car. He also said that I need to stop bitching and ruining everyone's Christmas. I told him to get in his civic and fuck off.

AITA?Let me just preface this by saying this: **I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEM WITH INTERRACIAL RELATIONSHIPS.** Now that the air is clear, let me continue. 

My daughter (Anna) has recently started to date an African American man (Jamal). While I'm not exactly what you would refer to as "liberal", he's a nice young man and as long as my daughter is happy, I'm happy. The problem is Anna is rather naive about the community she lives in. While her friends are quite content to see a relationship like hers, more than a few tongues are wagging in the community and a few people have privately expressed their concern to me. As I said, I have no problem with mixed relationships and I've set them straight, but I am painfully aware of how these matters are viewed by certain segments of the population.

My parents are planning to come and stay with us for a week and Anna expressed a desire to introduce Jamal to them now that things were getting more serious between them. I told her on no uncertain terms that this wasn't going to happen. I may have no problem with Jamal, but they *absolutely will*, and even when the relationship ends they won't forget it. They might even go as far as to cut her off entirely. Anna was extremely upset by this and implied I was a racist and more concerned with what my parents think than how she feels.

As I said, I know my parents. They simply aren't okay with mixed relationships and if Anna were to bring Jamal over even as a friend, they would be furious both at her *and* me.

Anna is currently staying with Jamal and doesn't want to speak with me right now. My wife stands by me given she knows very well how my parents are (they had a problem with her for months over the *length of the skirt* she wore when I introduced her to them, for christs sake), but a close friend I confided in told me that I have behaved like an ass and that I needed to focus more on my daughter than pleasing my parents.

No advice needed, but I have to know. Have I been an ass?
I sustained very bad injuries to my face this month. I'm in the stage of healing when the scar tissue has formed, but it's still very tender "new skin". I'm going to have very obvious facial scarring for the rest of my life. The injury starts about an inch above my hairline, goes down over my brow so that on part, hair will not grow. It continues down my cheek where it is deepest; I'll always probably have an indentation in the fullest part of my cheek. Then it continues to my jawline. 

In some ways it's OK. I'm happy it's just cosmetic damage. My friends are super reassuring, telling me how badass and sick it's gonna look. They say I'm still as hot as ever, now a little more sexy and mysterious lol.

But in some ways it really sucks... I know that I'm always gonna be seen first as "the girl with the scar" and it feels especially bad when people look at me differently.

This week, I had to fly home for a family thing; it was a plan I'd made long before my injury. I wasn't really looking forward to the pity or people making a big deal of it; I'd rather it not be acknowledged.

I'd also met with my dermatologist who said that I was at the stage of scar tissue formation that I no longer should be dressing the wounds; the skin was healing and instead I needed to be applying topical cream and Vaseline to keep the site clean and moist. 

It also looks a bit ugly; the building scar tissue is very red and tender, and with the Vaseline over it, looks slick and shiny.

So I get on this flight; I have the window seat and I put on my headphones and drift off to sleep when the plane is still boarding.

I wake up to this kid, maybe 4 years old, sat next to me, throwing a tantrum. I didn't catch the first part of it and I honestly couldn't understand what he was yelling about... 

His father said to me, "Can you cover that injury?" 

I said that my dermatologist recommends I don't, so no I don't think I will. 

He started snapping at me saying "there is no need to be so rude. That injury is graphic and it's scaring my little one."

I said "this is my face. The only damn face I've got. It sucks being told I'm so ugly I can't show my goddamn face in public."

He started to backtrack saying "just until it's healed" and I said "it'll always be with me. Maybe teach some fucking compassion and respect instead of telling a girl half your damn age what you think about her face. That's rude. 

He actually got up after that and I think went to a stewardess about a seat change because a young couple came to sit next to me on a few minutes instead. I've gotta admit I felt so low that I put on my sunglasses and had a quiet cry for a few minutes.

AITA for not covering my healing scar, and for being confrontational about it?What I thought would be a total non issue has ballooned into a huge problem and I'm up at 7:05 AM dealing with it. I figured while I wait for a text, I could post here to see if what I did was really that bad. 

I'm a big fat ass, there's no way around it. I love to eat which probably borders on addiction but I figure since I'm only hurting myself it's probably better to just live my life. I have some great friends although there is no doubt I'm the "harmless, funny token fat guy" of the otherwise pretty good looking group. I guess that sets the stage enough. 

Last night my friend hosted UFC and I was invited. He got a 6 foot party sub. I also brought homemade wings that are sort of my specialty. Well of course people flocked to the food and I had basically one serving of the sandwich but people devoured my wings and I didn't get to have a single one. Which is totally fine that's why I brought them but maybe an hour later I was starving. I kept eyeing the sandwich and I'd say there was about 3 feet of it left. I waited an hour, then another half hour and no one had touched it (but they were still munching on chips, pretzels and what not). So I was like screw it...I took about half of what was left and ate it. Then the last half sat for another 10-15 minutes and no one said anything so ate the rest. 

Well to be sure as I was swallowing the last bite the host's girlfriend asked where the sandwich was. Like I was the guilty party pretty much everyone pointed at me. I guess they'd noticed me eating the sandwich. She was furious and said that I was an incredible pig and that I had been super selfish to eat 3 feet of a sandwich. I felt so bad I tried to explain to her that I really did wait over an hour and thought people had lost interest. I also tried to explain how everyone had ate my wings and she said something along the lines of "you brought them to share Alan, if someone had eaten over half by themselves that's not fucking sharing is it?" 

I offered to order pizza or even go get subways and she said that it was a pathetic offer because the party sub had been from a local shop owned by her friends. I said I was sorry but the night was so tense from then on out. 

I woke up this morning to several texts from my twin sisters (the host's girlfriend's best friends) saying that I had to get my shit under control and that everyone is really mad at me and that I embarrassed myself last night. I tried to explain to them what my mindset had been and they haven't responded. 

Was I the asshole for eating that much of the sandwich last night?

Edit: I guess I’ve been banned from responding but my inbox has 1200 notification so I can’t find out why.

To answer what seems to be the most common misconception, this wasn’t a subway party sub so definitely not 4x the size of a regular sub. This is a local place so it’s about 1.5 times the width of a regular sub. Its still a ton of food don’t get me wrong but I can down 5 subway footlongs in an afternoon easily; this is probably about equivalent to that, not 12 like some people are saying.Throwaway for anonymity sake incase this does go further. 

To preface this, I (24F) am vegan, and have been for a good 10 years. I have not eaten meat since I was roughly 3-4 years old when I found out where meat comes from (spoiler alert: there were a lot of tears). This is no secret and everyone in my life knows and respects this - or so I thought. 


Four nights ago, I was at a party and I will admit, I got white girl wasted. My friends thought it would be funny to feed me chicken nuggets as a prank. I checked with them before chowing down "are these vegan?" To which my friends replied "yeah, they're sunfed" (a type of vegan chickenless chicken). They tasted off to me but I figured it was just because I was drunk. I was wrong. 

I found out the next day when my sister sent me a message telling me to check my friends Snapchat story. The story was them showing the nugget packaging, and then showing them giving them to me (including the conversation where I asked if it was vegan). The and then later them mocking me and pretending to be me when I found out I ate meat (things like fake crying and yelling "the CHICKENS!!!"). I took a screen recording of the video and took it to the police, on the grounds of food tampering, and now 3 of my (ex) friends are facing charges. 

They all think that I'm overreacting to a 'harmless' prank, so Reddit, AITA? In my view, they took advantage of my drunken state, tampered with my food, and publically humiliated me. In their view, it was just a prank.Ever since we(27) had a baby, my wife had been talking like a baby herself.


Rather than teaching the baby to talk like a person, it's as if my wife's language has become baby-like. She would make noises in between conversations like "Bo-dee-bo-dee-chooop" and "Awowo-fwatata", even when talking with adults. This is especially embarrassing when I am with her in public places, when she talks like that to complete strangers. 


I have been telling nicely to her to not do that but she would just laugh it off, totally oblivious to how people around us stare whenever she talk like a baby. I have to point out that she is not in the spectrum, just a crazy new mum, in fact too crazy sometimes.


It was a day off for us when we have my parents babysitting the baby and we finally have some time by ourselves. We went out for dinner and she done it again, talking to the waiter, something like this:


"Yippy thanks ya-ha-ha-hah. Owoyoyaya by the way can you give us an extra plate for this?"


Seeing how the waiter staring at her as if she is some kind of mentality challenged. I rolled my eyes and told her:


"I am taking a break today and don't need another baby who cannot even talk properly to look after. Please excuse me." 


Then I left the restaurant without her. I don't know what occurred to me but I probably shouldn't have done that, but I guess it kinda just snapped. AITA?My sisters car broke down 6 months ago because of her own stupidity. I won't go into it here but she ignored the advice of a mechanic and because of that her car broke. I decided to be nice and offer my sister my car until she could get hers fixed as i could bike to work while she needed to drive. She did not get her car fixed for some reason. She claimed to be saving money to do so but every time her paycheck came she spent it. My parents have even offered her a loan to fix her car but she refused. Along with all of this, she has been abusing my generosity and taking my car all day and night. I told her she could use it for work but is seems to her that is a free pass to use my car, not fill it with gas, and take it when I specifically tell her not to.

&#x200B;

Recently I've been needed to get to work very early and I really don't feel like riding my bike 6 miles at 3 in the morning so I told my sister she had 30 days until I took the spare key from her and she is no longer allowed to use it. That was 32 days ago. Yesterday morning she woke up specifically before me to take my car (at 2:30 in the morning). I called her and demanded she bring it back but she just hung up on me. because of this I reported it stolen.

&#x200B;

My sister was arrested 30 minutes later and my parents had to go bail her out. My sister is now facing charges for unauthorized use of a car and my parents and her are pissed. They claim I want way to far here but honestly, i feel justified. My parents are worried if she's found guilty she will loose her job but in my opinion, it's her own fault. Am i wrong here? Am i an asshole?When I was a in middle school, I was viciously bullied by this boy, who I’ll call Z. He spread rumours about me, called me stupid and useless every chance he got, and made school a living hell. 

It’s been 12 years, and Z has since come out as MtF transgender. She messaged me over social media and asked to meet up. We went out for coffee, where she apologised for bullying me. It was along the lines of, “I’m sorry for being mean. I was young, and I was struggling with my gender identity.”

I thanked her for her apology. When she asked if she was forgiven, and I tried to avoid answering. I am still not over what she did to me. What Z did to me impacted me greatly, as I was a impressionable young girl. I struggled with self esteem for years afterwards. 

Z started getting defensive. She told me that I was being petty and that I should forgive her. I told her, “Why? You will always be the boy that bullied me.  An apology won’t change that.” She got really offended when I said the word boy, and said that I was misgendering her. She called me a petty, transphobic, vindictive, and ignorant, then stormed out. 

AITA?Hello,

This is an update to my previous post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/au9bhn/aita_for_objecting_to_girls_day/

This last month has been kind of wild for me so I haven't had an opportunity to update this until now. So the descriptions of my family and my family situation in this thread was specific enough that one of my family members found out about it and confronted me. Due to the fact that I had deactivated my Facebook and was only receiving text messages, I didn't realize what was happening before I was ambushed by it. My sister (oldest) confronted me about it and asked if it was me who made the thread and I confirmed that it was. And she insisted I was being shitty for airing the family's laundry like that. I responded that I in no way did that as I was speaking very generally and never identified who my family was. 

This spread to my family and now the thread was shared on Facebook and everyone was shown. I was invited to a family meeting (we never have those) where I was sat in front of a firing squad of angry women who told me that what I did was wrong and demanded an apology. They said that 'I knew' they weren't excluding me and because I gave everyone that impression I owed them an apology. I replied that I absolutely did NOT know they were not excluding me, and included examples of things they did (such as the birthday dinner, going to an amusement park, and going to a baseball game). Once again they characterized this as a girls only event of fun where boys just weren't allowed or welcome because they wanted to talk about things guys wouldn't be interested in. I replied that she needs to stop saying 'guys' because there is only one guy who would have been invited and that's me, so what she's really saying it its a no-OP event, not a girls only event.  They explained that it wasn't excluding me because regardless of whether I was interested in the event the conversation would have bored me because I'm not a girl. At this point we were going around in circles so I just explained my perspective, I said that I'm the only male in our immediate family, when the people in my immediate family get together on a regular basis (not a one off or once in a while) and don't include me, regardless of what they called it I feel excluded. I explained that the breaking point was the family vacation, and that there was absolutely no reason to leave me out of a vacation I was always invited to, particularly when that's the only family vacation we do and they've stated they cannot afford a second one. 

At the end of this family meeting, I was never given an apology, no one tried to empathize with my perspective, and I was accused of many things that I didn't do by any reasonable interpretation. I told my mother and my sisters that we reached a breaking point in our relationship and that I was going no contact for a while. I told them I'm an adult, and I have my own life, and the reason I wanted to be involved was because I didn't want one of those family relationships where you only see your family at holidays. If that's not what my family wants then it's okay, but I told them that I was not going to be involved with people who made me feel shitty and intentionally leave me on the outside looking in of my own family. My mother/sisters told me that if I was going to lie about them to everyone that they don't care. At this point, my relationship with my family is over, I left that family meeting and have not reactivated Facebook and have not received any contact and have not initiated any contact. Que sera, sera. My stepsister (20F) and I (24M) have never gotten along. Her mom and my dad got married when we were six and ten so we've known each other for a long time. In my stepmom's eyes, she could do no wrong and anything bad that happened was pinned on me. My dad is a complete pushover so he would always fall over to whatever my stepmom would say.

When I was about 15, I started gaining weight. My gf broke up with me (woohoo high school romance), I started failing some of my classes, and I quit baseball. I started to stress-eat and ballooned up from 125 pounds to 162. I guess at that point she decided she was "cooler" than I was and started mocking me and making fun of me, calling me names like "fatass" and "chubster". I would constantly go to my stepmom about it and she would tell me she's just teasing, she's so much younger, why are you getting upset? I got pissed off to the point where I just started avoiding her and locking myself upstairs in my room with a bag of chips. At 22 I hit 270 pounds and I knew I had gone too far. I was way past my weight limit and bordering on obese. So as a New Year's resolution, I decided to start losing weight. I cut out all junk food and started hitting the gym. Around this time my stepsister started to overeat too, I don't really know why but she gained over 30 pounds. She still was constantly belittling me about my weight (which admittedly, was way over hers).

By the end of this year, I lost 120 lbs. It felt amazing. My stepsister now weighed more than me. Over Christmas dinner, all the aunts and uncles and cousins were complimenting me on my weight loss, telling me how I looked so much better. My stepsister just sat there smoldering. Every time someone said something she'd add, "He's still pretty big", "Well he didn't get rid of that face roundness", "Maybe lose a little more around that gut". It was infuriating and I was getting angrier.

Now here's where I might be TA. Finally, at her last little snide, "Look, you know you'll just put it all back on. Why do you even bother?" I flipped out. I yelled, "Why can't you just be happy for me, instead of getting on me for every little thing?"She said back to me, "Defensive much?"  
"Oh, I'm sorry. Did I hurt your 200-pound feelings?" I asked her. I probably should have stopped there but I kept going. "Calling me a fatass. Look at your plate! You've eaten half the table, fatty!" She started crying and left the table. My stepmom screamed at me, saying just because I was insecure I can't take it out on everyone. I said, "Oh, so *now* you're talking. Not in the past ten years of constant 'fatty' and 'lardass' and 'porker'!"  
"But you're way older!" she whined.

I left the table too and went home. I woke up today to a thousand messages from my stepmom, my dad, and my stepsister. They were saying I wasn't welcome to their house until I apologized. I'm not going to.

AITA?

EDIT: Thank you so much everyone for your comments and the awards. I've never felt better about myself than now. And yes, I understand that 270 lbs was not "bordering" on obese. I'm 6'0 so I was pretty damn obese. I called myself bordering for a few years after getting fat, it made me feel better than classifying myself as morbidly obese.I’m the dad of a 25 year old young woman who I love very much. I’ve been able to have a good relationship with my daughter and I enjoy my time with her, but there’s one thing about her that would give many people pause - she is a diagnosed sociopath.

She exhibited odd, disturbing behavior at a young age, and after a serious incident of abuse towards her younger sister, I realized she needed professional help. Throughout her elementary years she struggled heavily, getting in lots of trouble in school for lying, cruelty and all other types of misbehaviors. With an enormous amount of therapy & support, her bad behavior was minimized as she grew older. She received an ASPD diagnosis at 18, and I had suspected it for long prior.

After her aggressive behavior was tamed, her following years were much more fruitful. She’s law-abiding; has a decent job and a good education; and has many good friendships and admirers. Especially male admirers; she is very, very charming and adept at attracting guys and maintaining their interest. She uses that old dating guide “The Rules” like a Bible. She currently has a boyfriend of about a year and a half who’s crazy about her, and who I have a very strong relationship with (we live in the same area and spend time together regularly). He is a **great** guy, very kind, funny and intelligent.

But I doubt she loves him. We’ve had some very honest, in-depth discussions about her mental health since her diagnosis, and she’s been open with me that she doesn’t feel love or empathy towards anyone, even family. When she acted very sad and broken up over the death of one of her closest friends at the funeral, she confessed to me privately that it was all a put-on, and that she felt “pretty neutral” about the whole thing. She has also stated she has never once felt guilty about anything she’s ever done, and doesn’t know what guilt feels like. While she enjoys being around her boyfriend and is sexually attracted to him, I highly doubt she feels much of anything towards him love-wise.

Her boyfriend (who might propose soon) **has** **no idea** about her diagnosis, and she’s been very upfront with me that she has no plans to ever tell him, thinking it’ll scare him away. I’ve made it clear to her that she needs to tell him the truth before they marry; that he has the right to know and consider it; **or I will**; to which she always responds, “I know you wouldn’t dare.” I actually would - I really like and respect this young man, and would feel awful keeping this “secret” from him, and letting him walk into a marriage without this piece of knowledge.

I’m not trying to sabotage my daughter’s future. **Maybe** her boyfriend’s love of her personality and other aspects is enough that it won’t end the relationship. It’s his decision to make; but he deserves all the facts. Someday he’s bound to find out she’s a bit “off”; it can’t be kept a secret forever. AITA?I know the title sounds absolutely terrible. 
 
My ex and I were together for 5 years. I decided to propose, but she rejected me. The next day, we had a talk. She realized that she was gay, since "I've been trying to hard to please myself from men". We broke up.
 
The very next day, I get bombarded with text messages. My friends asked if this was true, and they linked me to a post. It was a Facebook (who uses Facebook) post (exposing me) about me cheating. She said that's why we broke up. Now I usually am not evil, but this pissed me off. She was destroying my reputation, for god knows why. I simply commented that the real reason that we broke up was because she is gay. People didn't believe me, until my ex literally screamed at me for outing her. Then a lot of people started to call her out for her lies. I know I'm probably a huge asshole. Though I feel like she deserves it.
 
But alas, AITA?
 
No. I did not cheat on her.
 
Yes. I did have sex with someone the day that we broke up. But it was after.The title sounds so stupid but here we go anyways.

I’m 24 and I’m an addict who has been in recovery for the past six months. 

I used and used until I was basically in poverty and my older sister helped bail me out more than once. 

She’s my best friend and I know it hurt her a lot to see me like that. 

She also met her fiancé two years ago and he really only knew me as the junkie brother then. He’s not my biggest fan to say the least considering how much I put my sister through. 

Despite this she still invited me to her wedding last week because I am her brother and she wanted me to be there. 

When I get to the reception, my brother in law is greeting people as they walk in. 

When I walk by he pulls me to the side and in front of everyone starts patting me down and says that he needs to check me to make sure I “didn’t bring anything in”.  I instinctively pull away, because why wouldn’t I, and I tell him not to touch me. 

He tells me to “calm down” and that if I want to be here then he needs to do this. I tell him he’s being ridiculous and I try to push past him. He stops me and tells me that he doesn’t want to throw me out but he “will if he has to.” I told him that he’s trying to look tough but it’s just making him look stupid. 

At this point I’m getting more and more angry and I’m practically yelling in his face at this point. Bystanders came between us and separated us and told my BIL to just “drop it.” He said he would but that “they can deal with it when I get out of hand.”

I just went to go find a seat after that. 

After the reception, a lot of my family told me that I should’ve let him just do it and that I was acting like a huge asshole and like I had “something to hide.” 

I don’t think he had any right to pat me down, especially in front of people and I don’t think my reaction was over the top. If anything, he was the one acting like a huge douche by trying to start drama so he can look tough. My sister has refused to take any sides in this. 

AITA?I am 31, and have an identical twin brother. For a while I’ve told my wife that none of her family members notice me or care about anything I do on Christmas Eve but they insist on me attending. She told me that’s not true, they genuinely like me and enjoy talking to me. But I know that the only times they’ve included me I had to basically insert myself into conversations and it feels awkward and unnatural. 

So I had a wager with my wife. Bring my twin brother Steve instead of me, and see if anyone notices. I purposefully did not prep Steve on anything, he went in completely clueless (he knew why we were doing it and was game. I gave him $20.)  

As I suspected, Steve confirmed that he wasn’t approached all night, nobody could tell he wasn’t me, and he admitted he even felt excluded and he could only imagine how I felt. 

So this morning on Christmas I invited Steve to join (normally he’s with my mom and dad every year as he’s not married or in a relationship.) they know about him obviously but didn’t know about the switcheroo. That was when I revealed that last night “I” was Steve and expressed disappointment that nobody noticed and said this is why I stopped trying, nobody talks to me. 

My wife drew the line here, she was hoping we would keep this between the two of us as a funny prank. But how can I expect her family to see what jerks they’ve been if I don’t expose it? FWIW Steve was fine.Okay this is a doozy, so please strap in and bear with me. For context here, my sister is 30, I am 22. 

Ten years ago, my sister had a miscarriage. Obviously, it was devastating for her and the whole family and it took her a couple of years to fully heal from it. We're still not 100% sure why it happened, but it was a one off and she's since had three very healthy, beautiful children, including a set of twins. 

So here's the thing. My sister and I don't really get on. She resented me as a kid because she had to share mum's attention and because she thought mum left her dad to be with mine. Never really grew out of that resentment and she was pretty much my biggest bully throughout childhood and my teenage years. One thing she absolutely cannot stand is when  mum and I do things without her, or when mum pays more attention to me than to her. When this happens she calls mum and says she's feeling really upset about the miscarriage and without fail mum goes running. This includes a trip to Paris I took mum on for her birthday earlier this year, which she cut short because sister said she needed her. Also includes when I had a manic episode so bad I was hospitalised and sister managed to need mum every time she was planning to visit me and so she never did. Note, these times when mum is spending more time with me than her are the only times sister brings up what happened and certainly the only times she still gets so upset about it. 

So recently I was sick. Like, don't leave the bathroom for days, can only keep water down sick. Didn't manage to get the doctor, but I think it was norovirus. It lasted about a week Mum was popping in daily on her way home from work to check on me and stuff. On the last day of being seriously unwell, when I felt I could eat again, Mum offered to make me some soup while she was there, which I accepted. She was halfway through making it when sister called her saying she was upset about the miscarriage and she told me I'd have to finish it myself because she had to go. I didn't say anything to Mum and I finished making the soup, but I sent my sister a text saying she really needs to stop bringing it up for attention because she can't bear me getting some instead. I guess she told mum and her dad because I'm hearing from all sides what a horrible, insensitive, selfish bastard I am and how dare I say that to her. I understand she may still be traumatised, I just think it's really weird how that trauma solely manifests whenever I'm getting attention and she isn't. AITA?Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/dgfkt3/aita_for_not_telling_my_dad_he_isnt_getting_the

A lot of people have asked me for updates so I thought id make one.

It was kind of positive?

I agreed with many comments in my first post where they said my grandparents were setting me up for drama.

I talked to my grandparents and shared these concerns. They were understanding and setup a family meeting with them, their lawyer, my dad, his wife, and myself.

I was secretly hoping that my grandparents would get over some of their issues with my dad and his wife but nope. My dad's wife actually started crying and wailing when they revealed that I would be getting most of the inheritance. I could see my grandmother almost exploding. My dad to his credit, looked disappointed but said it was their money to do as they wished.

The new agreement is that my father will receive $75k, and each of my younger siblings will receive a 50K education fund.

My dad's wife did call me a few days later and acted really foolishly. And she somehow thought that insulting my mother would help her.

I told her that if she ever said something bad about my mother again I would tell my grandparents about it. That seems to have shut her up.

My relationship with my dad was never the greatest. But I haven't really seen any further decline in the relationship.

But I feel a lot of relief now. Thanks everyone!My daughter is 3, and sometimes gets scared I’ll stop loving her when she does something bad(for no good reason mind you, I make sure she always knows why I’m upset, and that I’m mad at her actions, not her). Today she bumped a glass off the table and started crying.

She asked if I still love her and I said “I love you more than anything” and gave her a kiss. My wife was watching and stormed off. I made sure my daughter was fine and cleaned up the glass and went to go see what was going on. 

My wife was crying and calling me an asshole who doesn’t love her (I guess I have 2 irrational 3 years olds now). I said of course I love her and asked why she was wigging out.

She said that because I said the above phrase to my daughter, it meant she didn’t mean as much to me. Is this really something I’m not supposed to say? My mother said it to me, and my dad didn’t freak out.For reference, my brother Connor is 19, I am 26, and my (now ex) fiancé Hunter is 28. Also for reference, already mentioned in the title, but my brother was kicked out when he was 16 because our parents snooped through his phone and found out he was in gay.

Connor had a birthday last weekend, so he invited his friends over and they were all (18-22 year olds) drinking and playing games. Hunter and I were about to head out to let them have the place to themselves, when Connor asked if we wanted to join them. I initially refused (bit too old to be playing drinking games), but he insisted and Hunter thought it’d be fun to act like college students again.

We all got pretty drunk and Connor had the idea of playing Never Have I Ever. A few rounds in, the statement “Never Have I Ever cheated before” came up.

Now’s a good time to mention that Hunter is **staunchly** against cheating. His ex-fiancé cheated on him and it emotionally wrecked him. And unfortunately, as a lot of dumb, immature 17 year olds do, I cheated on my “boyfriend” of 5 months. It was a stupid mistake, he found out, and (understandably) ended things. This was almost a decade ago, I obviously learned my lesson, and look back at that time with shame (and obviously never cheated since).

Well my brother knows about this so when I didn’t drink, he went “hey sis, what the hell? You know you cheated on (*insert ex’s name*). You have to drink to that!”

My boyfriend paused, looked at me, looked at him, and just walked out of the room. I followed him and tried to talk to tell him that it was a stupid teenaged mistake, but he wasn’t haven’t any of it and ended things on the spot. I’m numb. I’m heartbroken. He was my everything and more and I still don’t know how I’m going to move on.

Connor tried to apologize, but I feel nothing but sadness and emptiness. This morning I served him an eviction notice. He begged me to stay and said he didn’t mean to ruin my relationship and he just didn’t think when he said those words. I just can’t look at him right now. He ruined my life. After I raised him and cared for him like he was my own. I feel so hurt. Am I being unreasonable?My son was born when I was only 15 years old, and I’ve been a single dad since I was 18. It was hard living for a long time money-wise but I always tried to do best by my son. Today I own my own gym and my son is now 22 and going to college and works at my gym full-time. He came out to me when he was 14 years old and I’ve always been supportive of him and his identity. 

I’ve been with my fiancé now for about 2 years and while she does come from a very deep religious and conservative family, she has never had any issue with my son – at least nothing she has ever expressed to me. My son has been dating his boyfriend since he was 18 and I’ve gotten to know him really well. However my fiancé told me recently that she does not want my son’s boyfriend to come to the wedding nor does she want her parents to even get the inclination that my son is gay. That if they found out, they would have a complete fit. This really bothered me because I refuse to ask my son to go back in the closet. What is going to happen in the future? When my son gets married himself? Will they want him and his husband barred from other family events? He’s my son and will be the best man and it would be unfair to deny him a plus one because her family has an issue with gay people. When I told her this, she got very angry with me and told me that I was being selfish and over-dramatic – that it would just be for this one day, that she wants the perfect wedding. I told her that this was unacceptable and that I was not going to ask my son not to bring his boyfriend. It’s my wedding too and I was his boyfriend there. 

After that I got the silent treatment for a day and since then it hasn’t been discussed again. However, it has left an extremely bad taste in my mouth and has me contemplating calling the wedding off. I do not want to marry into a family that would potentially discriminate against my son. I love my fiance very much but my son will always come first. I told my brother and he said that I was being the asshole here – that it would just be for one day and that since my son is an adult, it’s unlikely that he would have that much interaction with his “step grandparents” in the future anyway. I still don’t feel comfortable about the entire situation and am really thinking about calling the wedding off. Would I be the asshole if I did this? Am I being unreasonable here?I am a teenager and my mom is kinda famous on Instagram and blogging. She had a mommy blog all when I was growing up and of course me and my sister were always involved. 

It sucks because there's so much our there about us and it's what's gonna come up when I'm looking for a job, when I'm dating, when anyone looks up my name.

I found a website that will print custom jackets, print all over the front and back and arms... And I ordered some hoodies that say a bunch of phrases all over them.

"No photos" "no videos" "i do not consent to be photographed" "no means no" "respect my privacy" "no cameras" "no profiting off my image"

It sounds silly but it looks pretty sick actually. I got one for me and one for my nine year old sister who's started to not always want photos.

And I guess the idea is that my mom can't take good looking pictures, even candid ones, with us in the hoodies without them having a pretty strong message that we don't want to be in pictures.

My mom was mad when they showed up, and really mad when I'm wearing mine. Like she says she just wants pictures to remember my young years by, she won't post ones without asking

But I know that's a whole mess anyway; she always says that and then negotiates me into letting her post, like either by saying that's how she makes income so if I want money for something, to stop arguing about pictures. Or posting without asking and then saying I thought it would be ok because you're face wasn't visible / you're just in the background, etc.

And I'm always like "no you didn't THINK. if you thought at all you'd remember what I said I want. No new pictures of me or mentions of me online. Remove all pictures that include me that you've ever posted. and delete any writing that mentions me. 

I am just so fed up, and upset that my mom is mad at me for wearing my new hoodie everyday. She's mad I won't take it off for any event and thinks it's inappropriate to wear to certian things.

I know it's really weird looking but it feels like my only option.

Edit to add a couple more things... She also says all the mentions of consent and "no means no" and "this body is my own" (sorry forgot to mention that one earlier) imply something more inappropriate and that it is really inappropriate to wear those words out in public. We've also fought about me wearing it to family events and school events with a generally dressier dress code, because it looks like a "gangster hoody". I don't know what to say to that, but I don't agree

AITA for always wearing my no photos hoodie?My parents divorced when I was 3, and went into separate marriages. I had a rough childhood being split between two different households, it was really messy and made me not want children at all. When I was 20, my parents reconciled after their second marriages had ended and had my brother soon after. I had already been dating my now-wife for a year, and we were eventually married, she agreed with me about not wanting kids.

Five years later and my brother is now 6, and all is not well in my parents marriage. My mother had an unexpected hard attack and died. My father did not take it well, and drank himself to death. Obviously my family is morning, and I've been trying to find a home for my brother, none of my half-siblings want him.

The only other option would be for him to go into foster care, and I'm not going to let that happen. I told my wife that I was going to become his guardian, and that she did not have to stick around in this marriage if she didn't want to. She did not take it well and is furious that I would choose my brother over her. I doubt my marriage will survive, but I can't let my brother go into foster care.

EDIT: LCTrain is packed, it's hot, I'm tired and looking for a place to sit. Everything was occupied, but at one point I see an old lady get up and start making her way to the doors. I went over to sit in new place, but found a purse in it instead, belonging to the girl in the window seat. I asked her if she could move the purse, but she didn't respond. I noticed she had headphones in, so I figured I'll just pick up the purse and hand it to her as I'm sitting down.

As soon as I touched that thing, she went off on me with the most disgusted look and tone, asking me what the fuck I was doing. I explained. She then had the nerve to lie that she was keeping the seat for her friend. I told her I knew for a fact she was alone because I just saw the old lady get up, to which she did not respond. So I started making my way down, forcing her to pick up her purse if she didn't want it crushed under my ass.

This released an even bigger tirade and series of "what the fuck is your problem"-s. I saw another old lady looking for a seat and approaching ours, so I figured I'd had enough petty bullshit, turned around to the girl - who was slightly overweight - locked eyes with her and told her "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize you actually needed two seats to be able to fit. My bad, I'll get up now". I got up and offered my seat to the old lady, who took it with a smile, seemingly ignoring the huge shitstorm that was spewing out of the girl's mouth as I was walking away.

I noticed some people gave me dirty looks, but others were chuckling, so I kinda wondered if I stepped too much out of line there.I work at a petting zoo here, and this weekend we had two teenager (around 16, boyfriend and girlfriend) who were antagonizing a llama.

I told them "you might want to cut that out! Llamas spit in self-defense." But they kind of laughed my warning off.

Now, I knew that llama spit was a whole lot worse than they probably thought it was. But I decided not to tell them about that. I figured if they persisted, I'd trust the llama to teach them a lesson.

The llama was being patient. At one point it gave them a "warning spit" (just saliva) and they went "eww" and laughed about it and brushed it off, and then kept going at it.

Finally, the llama had enough...and unleashed its green, defensive spit that llamas are known for. It got the girl square in the face. She dropped to her knees and started retching, and eventually threw up. Her boyfriend was gagging and ran away, towards the building that I was in.

To make things worse for them, I didn't even let them come in to wash up in the petting zoo's only bathroom! It was a slow day, so I just locked the doors. I told them I didn't want that smell inside, and made them leave the farm without washing up.

AITA? The girl's parents called me the next day and yelled at me saying that was too harsh. Maybe it was...I knew that if you don't wash out llama spit right away the smell sinks into your skin and becomes extremely hard to remove, but I wanted the lesson to sink in as well.I have a small group of close friends (all males around the age of 25) that I hang out with almost every day. We've all known each other almost all our lives and recently (~1.5 years) got a new addition to our group, John. 

I never really liked John. He was rude, obnoxious, and would always talk like he knows everything. He was also incredibly pretentious. A friend of mine said "Einstein" once and John interrupted him to say, "I have no idea who you are talking about. Do you mean the reknown scientist Albert EinSHTein?". I once put up a snapchat story saying, "I love college football!", and he replied to my story with "It's called gridiron you moron".  I don't understand how but my friends readily accepted him into our friends circle. 

On one night about 5-6 months ago, we had a little get-together and were just drinking and having fun. John was kind of tipsy. We had some new girls show up so I was kinda working my charm on them. They asked me what I did and I went "I'm a Biomed Engineer". I don't know why that triggered John so much, but he went on this hour long tirade about how I'm just a drone in a rat race. He kept telling me about how I'm just like every other person and lacked creativity. He later passed out, but his little tirade became a running joke in our group.

Every time I mention work or anything, John would start roasting me. He nicknamed me 'drone' and kept calling me that even though I expressed multiple times that I dont like to be called a drone. He would keep telling me about how easy engineering is (he watched some intro to engineering courses online) and that any monkey with a brain can do what I do. That really pissed me off. Once I told him to shut the fuck up but he was like, "What are you going to do, fight me? I dare you to swing". I didn't want to fight him so now I started getting referred to as a 'pussy'. 

Over the last few months or so I kinda went frontpage a couple of times on Reddit and everyone was like, "damn M0shka you famous now" (as a joke). That triggered him even more. He'd say stuff like "His posts suck. They're not even funny. Reddit is now just filled with stupid facebookers who upvote stupid clickbait shit and downvote meaningful talent." 


At this point it is relevant to bring up what John does. He's a 'photographer' who works as a barista at Starbucks. How good is he? Honestly, he started off as an annoying kid with a DSLR, no talent, and a facebook page where he uploaded 3/10 pictures. Over the years he got slightly better but it's still terrible. I'd say he's more of a 5/10 now. 2 weeks ago, he got rejected from his dream job and made an Instagram post about how National Georgraphy discriminated him because of his skin color (brown). 

Last week, we had a surprise birthday party at his place with his family (he lives with his parents) and friends. At the party, I apologized to him (I hadn't met him since the post) and said, "I'm sorry you didn't get Nat Geo". To which he got angry again and said, "I'd rather eat my own shit than be a drone like you. What I'm doing is making real art and it's something your robot brain won't ever understand now or in the future, so I actually feel sorry for you". He said stuff like this in front of a girl I was with who got so enraged that she left and told me to tell them that shes sick or something. 

That's it. I fucking lost it. We were handing out mics to talk about our favorite memory with John and I took that opportunity to say, "Well John, your pictures fucking suck, no wonder Nat Geo rejected you. You're a 27 year old barista with no college degree, mooching off your parents, and taking worse pictures than any jackass with an iPhone camera. You're not going to amount to anything in life so just --- *I get cut off here*" 

His dad grabbed the mic and shoved me. John came charging at me but everyone just held him back. The rest of the guys were like get him out of here, and I got kicked out. No one has talked to me since the incident and John blocked me from all social media. Our group chat has been pretty silent too. John also apparently made a roast post about me. Idk if I should apologize to him or not. Sorry for the long post. I know John is an asshole, but AITA? I got married on Saturday, and it was absolutely amazing except for one thing: my parents showed up late. They knew the ceremony time, and my husband and I made it very clear to everyone, both in the invites and in person, that we were going to start exactly at that time. The venue cost us a lot of money (we paid for the entire wedding ourselves) and we were only able to use it for a limited amount of time, so we wanted to make every minute count. 

So the wedding day came, and half an hour before we were scheduled to start, my parents still hadn't showed up. My husband and I both called them multiple times but nobody answered. We waited and waited, and still heard nothing. Finally, the start time arrived and my parents still weren't there. I was really pissed off at this point. The wedding coordinator asked if I wanted to go ahead and start the wedding, and I said yes. All of our other guests were already there, and we wanted to be considerate of their time. 

My parents showed up 15 minutes later and missed the entire ceremony. It turns out they did leave early but got rear-ended at a traffic light and had to deal with insurance, police, etc. They only have a landline, no cellphones, so they couldn't get in touch with me. Obviously there's no way I could have known this.

I'm still frustrated with them for not making more of an effort to get to the venue early, and they're furious at me for not delaying the wedding 15 minutes so they could be there. AITA?My kids, 6&7, each had an iPad mini.  Over the summer they were having a rough time, constantly fighting with each other and just being brats in general. I lost it one day and took their iPads away, saying they were being sold, never to be seen again.  Tears were shed. The iPads were cleaned up, put back into their original boxes, accessories packed away, ready for sale...but I couldn’t do it. They went into a box in the closet. 
Summer passed, fall passed. The kids have been great and I feel they’ve earned them back. 

Christmas is coming. Money is super tight this year. AITA for wanting to clear the iPads with a factory reset, buy a couple new cases as a distraction and regift them their old iPads as new ones?I'm a bit of a jackass I will admit, but hear me out. So today I was at my parent's house to celebrate Christmas Eve with my side of the family (as this year I will be spending Christmas with my girlfriend's this year). Anyways, we opened presents up early this morning. Something I should note about my sister is that she LOVES her children. Which is great and I do love my nephews, but every year she gets me magnets, pictures, blankets and pretty much anything she can plaster her kids on. 

While it's nice, I don't have a shrine at my house dedicated to them and I know this might sound selfish, but I don't really want them as I don't know what to do with them. They end up in a drawer or something, cause one year she got me a large tapestry thing with her kids on it, and it was HUGE. Obviously I didn't want to hang it up as it quite literally covered the entire wall. I never say anything to her as I don't want to offend her and ruin Christmas.

So that's when I had the genius idea of doing the same thing but with my dog. I put him in a little tie, took his picture and put it in a frame. I love my dog as my child, so I figured I'd gift it to my sister. (I also got her a $25 Starbucks card as she's obsessed with them and I wasn't trying to be petty). Anyways, she opens it up and her face drops. Then she goes to me and says, "what the fuck am I supposed to do with this?" Without a thought I said, "same thing I do with yours, it'll look good on your coffee table". 

Long story short, she got mad, my family is pretty much on my side expect for a couple of people who thought it was funny but in the end "dogs aren't comparable to humans". Which I don't necessarily agree with and wasn't the point of the gift, but whatever, I thought it was funny, but I need unbiased opinons, AITA?I know I likely am, but the extend of which I'm unsure about. 

My son is almost 17. This Christmas we bought him an expensive computer gaming chair, as he plays a lot of online multiplayer shooters. My son has some anger issues, which he's currently in therapy for, and these shooters tend to bring out his temper more than normal. However, for the past few months he's been keeping it together well, so I figured the chair might be a fair present. 

I was wrong, because the day after Christmas he was gaming, started to have bad luck and apparently people in-game were fucking with him because he was losing his patience. This culminated in him screaming insults and then picking up his chair and slamming it into the ground, breaking the back of it.

After talking him down, we had a very serious conversation about him no longer being allowed to play multiplayer games while under my roof until his therapist feels comfortable with his progress, talked about coping mechanisms, etc. However, I made it very clear this was unacceptable and he would be grounded. We've had these heart-to-hearts many times, so it's not like every time he has an outburst I'm making light of it. It's a serious issue and treated like such.

However, when he came to me later that day and told me he'd like me to replace the chair because it was a gift, he "really liked it" and "it would only be fair", the frustration, disbelief and disappointment in his behavior boiled over and I started laughing hysterically. As in a full laughing fit, barely able to breathe or talk. The more he'd plead his case, the harder I'd laugh, repeatedly asking him how it was "fair" in his mind to have me replace a gift I paid for that he broke in anger.

This obviously pissed him off more, which led to him getting emotional, but I just couldn't seem to stop myself. I tried walking out of the room and asking him to drop it but every time he'd say "but I need a chair!" or "What am I supposed to do now" I'd laugh again. I tried explaining that I'm not laughing at his feelings, I'm laughing at how absurd it is for him as a teenager to expect me to replace shit he can't be bothered to treat with respect and then whine about it when he broke it.

He's still pissed about it, and feels slighted. I feel bad for laughing, and honestly wonder if I had some sort of mini-stress break myself, because it's never happened before and I couldn't seem to stop. But at the same time, I stand by the fact that his request *was* ridiculous enough to make most people *want* to laugh. How badly did I fuck up?I’m 26 and clean from heroin for 3 years. 

I was also a piece of shit and used to deal for a while. 

I managed to get with a beautiful girl named Marcy when I first started getting into the thick of things. She knew who I was but she said she loved me. 

I will regret this for the rest of my life, but I was the person who shot up Marcy for the first time. After that, there was no stopping her. She stuck around with me, probably because I was her dealer more than anything, but then I got clean and never saw her again for a long time. 

A year ago she reached out to me on Facebook and told me that she had been clean for a few months and she said that she didn’t hate me for what happened and she hoped I was still clean. 

Last week I got a call from my sister who told me that she saw on Facebook that Marcy had OD’d and there was a funeral service this upcoming Thursday.

I immediately just burst into tears because I hoped that this would never happen and I feel so much guilt over it. 

I want to go to the funeral service for her but I’m afraid that my presence would be unwanted. At the most I would just slip in the back, pay my respects and leave. I need to do this for myself. 

AITA for wanting to go?When my daughter was 14, wife and I decided we would buy a car for her to use on her 16th if she proved herself to be responsible, got good grades, etc. There would be a "contract" of sorts to ensure we were all on the same page. The stipulations were continuing good grades, good attitude, she could only bring one friend with her somewhere (to begin with), we had to know where she was, and the obvious two: don't drink & drive, and don't text and drive. 

We made it clear that **we** were buying the car, but it was for her to use. We got the car, a 2012 Honda Civic. She has a summer job right now, it's summer break so she's out doing stuff with her friends, etc. In a few months she will be off to college. Everything was going swimmingly. Until someone on that NextDoor app started posting pictures and videos of bad drivers in the area. And lo and behold, my daughter was posted with her face down as she texted and rolled through a stop sign. Once with her face down in her phone at a stoplight. I was livid. My wife was the one who showed it to me. We found out there were more instances (from her Instagram Stories) and we decided... no.

Wife and I up and sold the car. We didn't lose very much in the process, except of course our daughter completely came unraveled. It's so unfair, I didn't hurt anyone, everyone's doing it, how am I supposed to get to work, what about when I go to college? Well, we said no, it's not unfair, you hurt us by being a shitty, irresponsible driver, no, not everyone's doing it, you can walk, ride your bike, or take the bus, and as for college, you don't need the car to get to and from classes, and again, ride your bike or walk. She tried to play the "how can you send your daughter to college without her safety in mind?" card and I said "Well, well, well, now you're concerned about safety?" and she just up and screamed. 

This has everyone in our life up in arms and divided. Her grandparents think we're being over the top and awful, that grounding her would have sufficed. They've threatened that THEY will buy her a car again if we try to send her to college without one. 

The car is already sold, so there's no going back. I think what we did was absolutely correct, that actions have consequences and we would be in the wrong to pull back from that. In terms of her going to college? Well, she made that choice. She had a car, it came with certain stipulations, she disobeyed us, and now she pays the price. 

So AITA?I'm sitting at the airport and this older lady sat down right next to me and took her iPad out and starts watching a show quite loud. 

To me this is a foul in public however I just ignored it and put my earbuds in. 

After a while I made a phone call using my earbuds. Literally 30 seconds into my call she interrupts me and asks me to quit being rude and talk quietly so she can hear her show.

I was as polite as I could and said that not only herself but everyone for about 10 feet and I could hear her show word for word and that making a phone call isn't rude but watching a show on your device full volume in a public waiting area is actually very rude and that is why people use headphones. 

She said she has every right to enjoy her show without being interrupted by a rude and selfish phone call or having to use headphones. 

I said she was absolutely right and I am completely wrong, please enjoy your show while we  wait for the plane and I will do  the same.       I then proceeded to take out my iPad and open ice cubes good cop bad cop music video and play it full volume on my device without my earbuds. 

I have never seen someone storm off so mad. 

Quick edit. I turned the music video off almost immediately after she left. I love strawberries. I love them so much that I planted 300 strawberry plants in my garden. After I harvest, I make lots of strawberry jelly to give to my family, friends, and neighbors. I donate the leftovers to my local food bank.

Lately I've had a big problem with all the neighborhood kids coming in my yard and stealing my strawberries. The last time I caught them I threatened them with the police because they was so reckless they smashed over 50 of my plants.

I caught them in my yard again this afternoon, instead of calling the police I grabbed my garden hose and sprayed them while chasing them out of my yard. 

I just had a group of angry parents come to my house complaining about my actions. Absolutely none of them was willing to apologize for their children's actions. One parent in particular is threatening to sue me, because her son's iPhone 10 was ruined with water. I told her that was her problem for letting her eight-year-old son have a $1,000 phone. Then I threatened to spray them with my hose if they didn't get off of my property.About two months ago, my husband and I got “married” in a beautiful ceremony. It was SO MUCH FUN. We went on a honeymoon after. The price tag makes me wheeze, but my parents were insistent on paying for 95% of it, saying it’s their only daughter’s wedding. As a result, the wedding was way more fancy than something my husband or I could afford! My husband and I paid the rest — his family did not contribute (which is fine!). 

The wedding was lovely, but missing one piece - the marriage license. About a year and a half ago, I was going through some serious health issues (the issues are resolved now, thankfully!). I had recently graduated from school and didn’t have health insurance. My husband and I decided to get married so I could join his health insurance. It was a quick Justice of the Peace ceremony. We were always planning to have a ceremony at some point in the future. A few months after that, he “proposed” (something I didn’t see coming!), the wedding occurred, and here we are today, planning for kids. 

Very few people knew we got legally married about a year and a half ago. We weren’t trying to be deceptive. However, part of it was that I wasn’t comfortable revealing my health issues. My husband respected this. My parents knew about our legal marriage, but his mother did not. His mom (I’ll call her Carol) and I aren’t close. She’s fine enough in low doses, but...

We’re currently in the process of moving. This past weekend, his mother came to help us pack up things. As we were packing files (birth certificate, social security cards, etc.), somehow our marriage license must’ve slipped out. Carol picked it up and kept insisting we need to frame it. And then she noticed the date. 

Carol lost it. She insisted we lied to everyone. She said our wedding ceremony was just a “gift grab” (our wedding website stated that someone’s presence was gift enough— we still got many generous gifts and we are forever grateful). Carol went and called her twin sister, my husband’s aunt, and the sister called and lashed out at us. She said we were sneaky and deceptive. She is saying she may want her gift back—something we are fine with giving her. 

For me and my husband, the legal wedding was just so I could get insurance. A means to an end. Our wedding date is what we will celebrate. Are we assholes for not being more upfront? I’ve been really upset and confused and waffle back and forth. My husband insists we are not assholes.It would seem that some popular social media personalities have decided that this is a great sub for content. The “God” Facebook page likes to mine AITA content, look for assholes, and put them on blast via TheDodo. A recent poster has also said the the “news” page The Mirror picked up his post as well. I’m sure there are others.

A lot of you post about stuff because your friends and family aren’t on reddit, but now we need to be careful as to what other social media they may be on, and take extra steps to preserve your anonymity. Throwaways are already encouraged, but make sure names are changed enough (not just initials), and change any non-relevant details. Good luck!

Edit: this has made it to r/all, and a lot of folks have pointed out that a bunch of other subs get mined as well. Protect your privacy, people!When I was 25, we found out that my father had been cheating on my mother for years and he had a 7 year old daughter with his mistress. In one split second, the happy family I knew was gone, and I went through the darkest time in my life.

My parents divorced and per their prenup, my mother walked away with most of their assets (since she also contributed more to the family income). She never forgave my dad for what he did and never talked to him again, though she grudgingly allowed me to have whatever relationship I wanted to have with him. I eventually forgave my dad mostly because I was tired of carrying so much anger and hurt in my heart. I talk to him but I want nothing to do with his mistress or my half sister.

My mother died last year and left me everything - her money, her real estate assets, and her business, which I now own and operate. I am in a relatively comfortable financial position, while my dad is... getting by. He was never a good businessman on his own and lost a lot of his money on businesses that later went belly up.

This year my half sister was diagnosed with a life threatening sickness, and she has been in the hospital for the last four months. The bills are mounting and my dad came to me for help because they are now in a situation where they are finding it difficult to come up with money for my half sister's treatment.

The thing is, I don't want to use my mother's money to pay for the treatment of the child her husband had with his other woman. Though it's not my half sister's fault, it feels so unfair when I think that the money my mother worked hard all her life for will go to a child that neither my mother and I have any responsibility towards, and the very same child of the man and the woman who hurt her so much at that. I'd really rather use it to grow her company and let my dad and my half sister's mother figure out how to get money for her treatment. They are her parents after all. The only thing tying me to her is my father saying "She is your sister" and "If she dies because she didn't get the treatment she needs, would you be able to sleep at night?"

AITA?OK so this is kinda complex, I'll make it short.  This acc is just for privacy reasons

-I always had good grades in high-school, was home on time, cleaned the house etc. I never had problems with my parents before this. 

-I went to med school, still living with parents when I was 20, I dated someone who was 23

-Dad was against this because be does not believe in dating people far older than you (so like don't date far from your own age)  and says I cannot date J. 

-Argument breaks out, Dad says it's his house so either I agree or I move out. I say it's not fair as J has a job, goes to college, has future plans etc. Dad kicks me out. Mom agrees with his decision. Little bro was only 14 at the time. 

-I moved with J, his family was supportive, helped me with my college (I went to another college due to financial reasons), finished my required years but still kept in touch with my lil bro

-Years later, me and J (with the help of his parents) got a small house. (Like really small but I'm happy with it). I ended up giving birth to a sweet baby girl. I let my lil bro know that he could come see her when he was able to.  He came a few times. 

-Today, bro came to see the baby, and asked when I was going to let mom and dad see her since they wanted to reconnect. I said never and that I wasn't going to forgive them. Bro says I'm being unreasonable as they were just strict and trying to protect me, I say that's bullshit because Dad shouldn't have kicked me out over age. Bro says I should at least let Mom come because she didn't want to agree with it. I say Mom was able to do something but didn't,but that Bro's situation was different because he was only 15. Bro is upset because he says Mom and Dad regret their decision and just want to reconnect and that I am dragging this entire situation. I told him that if he thinks I'm 'dragging it out' then he can stay out of my life too. He's angry and says that I need to move on and that I shouldn't be withholding them from seeing THEIR grandchild. I say that THEY disowned me and so have no grandchild from a daughter that doesn't exist. 

AITA? I don't hate my bro and I (kinda)  get what he is saying, but I just have a resentment for my parents. It's not like I had a baby just to put it against them,  but my lil bro thinks I'm going go die on a hill with them for something done several years ago and it's petty. I'm curious on what reddit thinks. I want a relationship with my bro, just not my mom and dadI have waited tables for the last three years.

During my shift last night, a group of four women in their late 20s came in. They were a pleasure to have as customers. They ordered four of our house cocktails to start with and then went over the menu for their entrees. 

When I was on my way back to their booth with the drinks on a tray, I walked by the back side and overheard one of them talking about how she was 14 weeks along. When I rounded back, they were talking about the same topic and it was clear to me that she was pregnant. I figured her having one drink wasn't a big deal. They ordered their entrees and I went off to handle other tables.

About five minutes later, they called me over again and asked for another round. At this point I started getting concerned, but I took the order and cheerfully said I'd be right back. This time, I went to the bartender, and asked him to make one of them a virgin cocktail. He was confused but since he's a good friend of mine, I told him to just trust me. 

A few cocktails later (hers strictly virgin) they started getting rowdy, and Mrs. Pregnant Woman was also getting into it. I figured that since she didn't notice, things were OK. The problem came when I took them their check, and they asked to split the bill at the register. When Mrs. Pregnant Woman got to the counter, I saw her cocktails were marked with (virgin). My bartender had edited each in the system for inventory.

It was too late for me to edit them back, so I just had her pay, hoping that she wouldn't look at the receipt. They all thanked me and left, leaving a generous tip in the process. They were talking in the parking lot for the next short while, presumably waiting for an Uber.

Several minutes later Mrs. Pregnant Woman came back and asked what (virgin) on the receipt meant. I fessed up that it meant non-alcoholic. She blank stared me for a few seconds and then asked if she had ordered a non-alcoholic cocktail. I said no, but told her that I assumed she wanted one seeing as she was pregnant. It was a lame lie and I'll admit it, but she looked me in the eye and asked me to return her part of the tip. I did so. Then she talked to my manager. My manager took me into her office and literally shrieked at me until hoarse. 

I stood my ground and told her that I'm not going to be responsible for FAS. She told me that she was taking me off the calendar until she decided what to do with me. She also informed me that I could get the restaurant in serious trouble for discrimination, and upon examination of my state's laws, she is correct. 

But when I talked to my mother and father about it tonight, they told me that they understood my position. The entire staff at the restaurant is against me and I think that I'm going to call in and tell my manager that I quit, but I still feel in the right here. I would like some perspective on this and if I'm the asshole here.I used to visit my dad most weekends and all of summer.

He recently got remarried to someone I actually have a decent relationship with. I also have two stepbrothers who are younger and who I don't really interact with.

My dad has a four bedroom house. So all the kids have a bedroom.

When I went to visit last month, I was "surprised" with a renovated room. And by renovated I mean it was converted to an office with a couch that pulls out to a bed. It did look nice I suppose.

Apparently my stepmother works from home and needed an office.

I didn't cry or throw a tantrum. I slept in the room that weekend and have refused to stay the night since.

I was really hurt and felt like I didn't matter. My mom tried to convince me to go back but gave up after I told her I was old enough to decide.

My dad is stressing out and has apologized and said he'll change the room back but honestly, I'm done. This was the final thing that sealed the deal for me. I told him that as well. I told him I'll come for day visits and we can have dinners but I won't be staying overnight anymore.

Was I the asshole? He did cry and I feel really shitty about it.

Edit: I'm going to be 15 in a few monthsI moved from Georgia to the Pacific Northwest last year for a dream job after I graduated college. It was a little bit of a culture shock, because I went from being one of many black people around at any given time to often being the only non-white person in a room, let alone black person. There hasn't been a lot of overt racism, but there's been a lot of strange borderline situations that are amusing and race-related but not necessarily racist. For example, every white woman I meet mentions Beyonce to me within the first five minutes. When I was sitting for my driver's license photo the woman taking my picture opened with, 'So... Beyonce.'

So the problem in the post title is that I am the only black woman at my office, and I am constantly, constantly being called the wrong name at work, and I'm coming up on my one-year anniversary. My name is Tina, short for Christina. Pronounced just like it looks, very easy name. For some reason, a handful of people at work call me Tiana, Tiara, or Tia, I think assuming that my name has to be more 'black sounding' than it is. I am most often called Tiana, especially by one of the guys on our development team and by the 'big boss' for another team, which I think then confuses their team members back into calling me the wrong name again. The other thing is that apparently another black woman (elderly, not in the same position I'm in) used to work there and I get called her name (Mary) sometimes too. Sometimes people will look at my name plate and ask me, "How do you pronounce that?" It's Tina!

I have tried politely correcting this and I correct it immediately every time. From polite, "Just for the record, my name is Tina!" to lighthearted, "Tina, like Tina Belcher!" In e-mails from me that say Tina in a million places, including my e-mail address, I still get, "Thanks Tiana!" Sooo... I'm considering doing the Twitter approach, where I just respond to coworkers who call me the wrong name with the wrong name. Like:

Chuck: Thanks, Tiana

Tina: No problem, Chad!

Jessica: Hi Tiara!

Tina: Good morning, Jennifer!

Would I be the asshole if I did this? I know it's passive aggressive, but every form of polite correction hasn't worked, and I feel really disrespected by this, so I may as well have some fun with it.

EDIT: I am pretty overwhelmed by the responses so I just want to add a couple of things:

A lot of people have suggested that I gently and firmly remind people of my name. That's what I've been doing, and was my first line of defense!

A lot of people have suggested I go to HR. This is the kind of nebulous thing HR doesn't really help with, and it isn't as serious as it could be.

A lot of people who identify themselves as white have informed me that this isn't race-related. It is. I have been black for 25 years, and I have a lot of firsthand experience with racism, and I can identify it in my own life. It isn't overt racism, like a slur or an assault, but it is still race-related. I feel like a few people are ALMOST getting it. A lot of people are referencing that Key and Peele sketch with the substitute teacher, which is literally a joke about how white people do this to black people, turned on its head!

And finally, a few people have asked why I don't use Tina Turner as an example, since she's also a black Tina. First, I thought young-ish white people would be more familiar with Tina Belcher, but I used 'Tina Turner' as an example for our Dean and he then 'affectionately' nicknamed me Tina Turner, which took deprogramming from his EA to get over.

EDIT #2:

No, I don't have a southern accent. I'm from Atlanta, and black people from Atlanta don't really have an indecipherable country twang. Plus, my 'working in an office' voice is pretty practiced/neutral. More to the point, no accent makes the name 'Tina' sound like 'Tiana' or "Tiara"

No, the people I work with aren't just 'idiots.' As annoying as this is, they are not stupid people.

No, I can't wear a 'Hi, my name is' sticker or a nametag. We have a business professional dress code!

Yes, I correct them every time.

No, it's not because I'm not 'memorable' or a bad employee!

Responding to this post saying, 'Okay Shaniqua' or some other racist caricature of a name truly misses the point, as this is already what my coworkers are doing ('Tiana' being the 'Shaniqua' in this instance). Several people have alarmingly said, 'Okay, Trayvon' and invoking the name of a dead black child at the idea of me calling a white guy 'Chad' is VERY WEIRD!My daughter (14yo) posted a picture of a family get together on social media. A boy from school recognized her aunt from an adult film and messaged my daughter about it. I believe he sent a video to her as well. Before this, she had no idea her aunt was in the industry. It appears that boy spread this around the school and my daughter is being teased for it. I notified the school and they are looking into it and will plan to educate the students about sexism online.

&#x200B;

My husband and I are respectful and non-judgmental of my SIL’s profession and have tried to teach these values to our children. My daughter is understandably upset and I feel for her, but she is directing all her anger and blame towards her aunt. She unfriended my SIL from social media and removed all traces of her from her profiles. She refuses to join us for weekly dinners at my SIL house and when they come over, she ignores them and just sits in her room playing minecraft. I tried talking to her about tolerance, shame, and sexism, but it she is dismissive of all of it.

&#x200B;

My SIL is hurt from all of this. Not only did she have her privacy invaded, but she lost a good relationship with her niece. Last weekend, I went upstairs to my daughters room to try and talk to her and get her to join us downstairs. My daughter refused and referred my SIL as “a vapid slut” and her husband “a pathetic cuck” along with other slurs I don’t want to repeat.

&#x200B;

I grounded her for three months and took away her internet. My husband definitely thinks that she should be punished for using that language, but that’s too much. He also admitted he struggled accepting his sister’s career path at first. He thinks she just needs space and will come around eventually because her aunt is family.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Seems like my husband is right and I went too far with the punishment. I just never imagined those hurtful words coming from her mouth. I’m going to scale it back to two or three weeks or something like that. Will decide with the husband later. We’re definitely concerned for our daughter about what’s happening at school and we’re looking into therapy.

For clarification, as for my SIL’s privacy, she didn’t consent to have her real name revealed to the world or have her films and her personal information be passed around by 14yo boys.My younger sister and I were very close when young but no so much now. I was born in fairly well to do Hindu family. I fell in love and married a Muslim man and had to convert to his religion. My family was pretty pissed off that I converted but we've kept in touch.

Recently my sister announced that she was in love with a guy she'd met while trekking and they had plans to marry. My mom invited me for a 'girl's day', just me, her and my sister at my parent's home for a fun day.

My sister began to talk about her fiance, how they hated each other at first but then fell in love etc etc. I was happy for her.

It all began when I asked what religion he was. Imagine my surprise when she said that he was Hindu AND THE SAME COMMUNITY AS OUR PARENTS. This would mean that it would make my father absolutely over the moon.

I asked her if she was sure she loved him, because it seemed unbelievable that she would meet someone from the same small community as our parents' and fall in love. She got angry and told me that she was absolutely sure she was in love with him. 
I suggested that maybe she thought she was in love because it was easy and there was no challenges involved.

I explained to her that if she was truly in love, she wouldn't choose someone so obviously a match. It was as though our parents chose him from a catalogue. 

She told me that it didn't matter, she loved him and thats it, and I was being rude. I told her that I wasn't, I was just looking out for her and didn't want her to bear the brunt of societal expectations on who to marry.  I then asked her if she was marrying him to appease our parents.
 
At this point my sister blew up on me and began fuming that she was not a kid, she didn't need to appease anyone etc etc. At this point my mom told me(not her) to get out of the house.


Later my sister told me never to contact her again, nor ever see her face or come to her wedding. She called me 'toxic'.

I was just looking out for her.throwaway as my dad uses reddit. 

so I'm close to graduating high school and have been applying to universities and looking at some by doing the tours and stuff. 

my parents decided to give me a gift for when I graduate, its 10,000$ toward my uni costs. I remember screaming and hugging my parents and thanking them. 

that was untill I found out the terms and conditions, I can only go to 2 universities (they are the ones closest to my parents) and they gave me a selection of courses I can pick from, surprisingly art degree is not one of them. 

so I told my parents that I cant accept the gift as I dont want to abide by some terms and conditions,I also told them it was kinda shitty to pay me to do what they want me to do. 
i explained that i now feel bad for being super excited because i definitely cant accept my gift now knowing what the rules are. 

 this caused a massive fight where I was called ungrateful and that I'm not a nice daughter. so I walked out of the house and have been staying with a friend until this cools off. 

reflecting back I do think that I might be the asshole but I'm unsure so I've come to you. 

I will accept any judgmentI’m(22M) a legal guardian of my 15 year old brother. We’re very close and we have always been like that. He lives with me now obviously. He often gets really sad, we recently lost our parents, so I comfort him as best as I can. 

So, about my girlfriend, we have been together for 2 years. She doesn’t live with me, she stays over really often tho, so she has the house keys.

2 days ago, she came over without warning me. Me and my brother were asleep on couch, he wasn’t wearing a shirt because it was hot, and he was laying on top of me. She woke us up and made a scene in front of him. She said that our relationship was weird and disgusting and it’s extremely concerning that he’s so affectionate towards me. My brother was in tears and he even apologized to her. I brought him to his room and calmed him down. 

I went back to living room, she was sitting on couch, watching tv and acting like nothing happened. I told her to get the fuck out. She got defensive again and said that she was just stating her opinion without hurting anyone. I grabbed her wrist and brought her to door. I didn’t hurt her, she was following me, I didn’t use any force. She left, she called me few times but I didn’t answer.


Update: thanks for all the comments. I talked to her, she still said that she didn’t do anything wrong,she didn’t hurt my brother and it wasn’t her fault that he started crying. I broke up with her. 

Also little info: this doesn’t happen often, we were on couch, watching tv and fell asleep. He laid on top of me after he fell asleep, he moves around a lot while sleeping.Me (28M) and fiancee (27F) have been together for 4 years, engaged for 6 months. I also have a 7 year-old lab mix who is the greatest dog in existence.

On Saturday, fiancee had a bachelorette party at home. I stayed with my parents but I left the dog with her because she likes having him there. However, *I made sure to tell her to put the dog in our bedroom once the party gets going*.

5am on Sunday I get a frantic call that something's wrong with the dog. She was drunk, so I told her to get a taxi and go to the emergency vet clinic. When I got there, she looked like she hadn't stopped crying for hours and she couldn't even speak. Two of her friends were there so they told me my dog is alive but not well. I felt sorry for her for an entire 10 minutes while waiting for the doctor.

But then, the doctor told me my dog ingested large amounts of alcohol and chocolate edibles. The girls apparently thought it would be cool to leave everything out on short coffee tables, leave the dog to wander around instead of putting him in our bedroom, and then get wasted and not notice he was going to town with the booze and edibles.

When we got home, I told my fiancee to pack and get out of my house and my life. I told her to tell her guests the wedding is off, and I'll tell mine. She was shocked, but she took her things and left.

2 hours later, I get bombarded by messages on Messenger, Whatsapp, by her sisters, brother, brother's wife, her mom, her friends, telling me that I am insane to do this to her after 4 years. They started off defending her, but it quickly turned into insulting me.

The logical thing for me to do was look for comfort in my friends and family. Nope. They all fucking agree. My mom said: "Well, it was a mistake, she didn't do it on purpose, besides - the dog didn't die!" Lucky me, eh? My dog didn't fucking die!

My sister was appalled that I cancelled the wedding "over *that*?!" and even my best man said I might have overreacted. Yes, our relationship has had ups and downs, but it's mostly worked fine. But I am so disgusted at my fiancee that I can't even imagine looking her in the eye, let alone spending my whole life with her. She isn't fucking 17, she is 27!

By the way, this is not the first dumb thing she has done. She likes to text while driving, she always leaves stuff on the electric stove (like kitchen towels, the cutting board etc.) even though she has turned on the wrong burner and burnt whatever was on it several times in the past, and similar DANGEROUS things. It's not something I hold against her in the sense that I would ever mention in a fight, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried that she might end up killing herself or someone else. For example, my dog.

I'm 99% sure I will stand by my decision. But am I really an asshole? Literally nobody is on my side and I have no idea what to think.

&#x200B;

**Edit: Posting here kind of triggered me to conclude this isn't about the dog at all. She is negligent and irresponsible and I don't want to stick around and possibly see our child die in a car accident some day because she was texting or she forgot to put his seat belt on. I'd rather be an asshole now than spend years of my life worrying every time our child is left alone with her. If she'd accidentally killed a person while texting and driving, I would also leave her. I guess I realized I don't want to spend my life with someone who has such blatant disregard for human (or animal) life.**He's been married 4 times now, and this wedding will be his fifth in the span of 30 years. I don't know how he has such a high turnover rate but I'm guessing it's to do with him being both rich and a raging narcissist. He invited me to get coffee and introduced me to his new fiancee. I knew he was going to do this because two of my brothers (there are 7 of us total, none have the same mother) said that they had just gotten coffee with dad and met the fiancee, then been invited to the wedding, and both had been given a plus one for their girlfriends of 8 and 10 months respectively.

Dad told me to bring my "partner" when I came for coffee and I brought my (trans) boyfriend along. We have been together for 3 years. The fiancee seemed nice, wanting to know about me and my boyfriend and asking questions that sounded like she actually gave a shit. Dad gets all the details of the engagement/wedding out of the way and then asks me, and only me, if I'll be there.

I notice that he was talking to just me, not my boyfriend, so I say "*we* will check if *we're* free".

Dad replies that "this is family only"

I reply, "I just assumed, seeing as how the other siblings got plus ones"

Dad says "that's different. Are you coming?"

I say "we'll catch the next one".

Dad's fiancee becomes visibly upset and they leave. Dad texts me after that if I can be civil on the day then I can still come alone.

I felt like I had to stick up for my boyfriend because this was definitely due to him being transgender, and he thanked me at the time but told me that I should probably still go, but after reporting back to my siblings to say what had happened I got mixed responses. The overall opinion was that while I absolutely should stick up for my boyfriend this was some hill to die on and I managed to catch the actually nice fiancee in the crossfire and upset dad, too.

AITA?

Info: I am a woman. My boyfriend is trans FTM. Despite both of us being straight, dad thinks of us as lesbians due to my boyfriend's biology. Of me and my siblings, 3 were within wedlock and the other 4 (including me) were extramarital: 3 affairs, 1 long term girlfriend. The fiancee knows she's #5 and dad gives the same story about how he was tricked into marrying golddiggers by accident and didn't know until too late and the affairs all happened as the relationships were breaking down.
I was hanging out with a friend of mine and a group of her friends. We were all talking and having drinks, and the topic of dating comes up in conversation. 

For some background information; I’ve only had one boyfriend (I’m 24) we dated for 4 years, and broke up about a year ago. I’m mostly a loner. I’m fine with being single right now and have no interest in dating at the moment. My friend knows this. 

She starts lightly teasing me in front of her friends, pretty much calling me a spinster. She “dates” a lot. Every week she tells me about two or so guys that she’s slept with. This kind of started a pile on, where everyone was teasing me, and giving me unsolicited advice. I tried to placate it, but she kept bringing the conversation back to me and my (lack of) a sex life. 

Eventually I got really heated, and just said “so is your crotch still burning or is that cleared up? What did they say about that? Was it guy 104 or 105 that gave it to you?”

Like three weeks ago she called me crying to take her to the clinic because she had painful itchy blisters on her groin, turned out to be herpes. I did it without judging her at the time. 

She quickly stood up and left the table. I tried to follow her to apologize and she went off about me outing her to her friends. She was telling me how I was the only person she trusted, and she couldn’t believe I would act that way. I tried to remind her how she and her friends were dog piling me, and she said it was just jokes, I didn’t have to react that way. 

We are obviously not speaking right now. Was what I did justifiable self defense? I know I probably wouldn’t have done it without liquid courage.

Edit:
1. I did ask her to stop, i was trying to keep things friendly. 
2. I did not say that she had herpes. I said she had a burning crotch.Hi Reddit, just dropping by to give you an update to my post. 

 [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cyadgx/wibta\_if\_i\_still\_give\_my\_stepson\_the\_birthday/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cyadgx/wibta_if_i_still_give_my_stepson_the_birthday/) 

Jack celebrated his birthday in September, and as many of you suggested, I told him that I'm sorry but my gift for him was shipped late and would be arriving in two weeks. That way it didn't look like Kim made me do it, and the two of them had time to enjoy Kim's gift. 

Kim thanked me for understanding her situation and said she is grateful that I was gracious about her request even though we don't have the best relationship. It's flattering to read that so many of you think that Joe and I are good people, but of course we aren't perfect and it took a lot of time for us to be in a civil place with Kim. It was humbling for Kim to ask me what she did and it also took a lot for me to let her have it. Hopefully this is the beginning of a better relationship for the three of us. 

For those who are asking, I didn't put a lot of specific details in my post because I wanted to minimize the risk of being identified by someone I know in real life who might also be participating in this forum. But since a commenter in my original post already figured it out, yes, I bought Jack a horse. My family has a horse farm so 'where can you hide a horse for two weeks' is thankfully not a problem. 

Jack already met his new partner last week and he is very happy with him!

Thank you all for your comments and I wish everyone the best.To start, my fiance is willing and happy to take my last name-- he grew up with a horrible father. He has no attachment to his last name and no siblings. I have a very unique last name and a strong attachment to it. 

I brought this up to my father and he said wasn't so sure about it, given my brother is the only male in the family who would carry on the name. My brother found out before I could bring it up to him and called me, saying I was being inconsiderate and couldn't believe he hadn't been asked. This got me irritated, because in my opinion, I have just a right to share my name as he did with his wife. He and his wife have been married for over a year and I think they feel possessive about the fact they were the only ones "supposed" to carry on our name.

I think the fact that this is an issue at all is rather sexist. It's my last name too and if I want to give my future husband--who has never had the privilege of feeling like he belongs to a family-- my name, no one should take issue. I have three sisters who aren't yet married, but they shouldn't have to feel bad about giving their name either. I don't feel like I'm being selfish here, but AITA for breaking tradition?

*UPDATE* 

Did not expect this to blow up! My father and brother are amazing people and husbands—I think they were caught off guard by my thinking more than anything else. I’ve let it go for now, but will bring it up again simply to explain my thinking and I believe they will understand. They are rational, empathetic human beings, if a little old school sometimes :) 

As for my fiancé— he is absolutely amazing and all my family approves . When I originally brought up keeping my last name, he was the one who suggested taking mine as well. He’s perfectly secure in his masculinity for all those wondering lmao.

Thank you for all the encouragement! My fiancé and I will be rocking our kickass last name soon enough.This is a hot topic in my family at the moment, 

I live on an obscure little island near the UK. we have a local quiz show that’s aired on the telly that I appeared on a few years ago. 

The premise of the show is that you can win prizes for doing challenges. Some of the challenges were physical, some psychological, and some requiring problem solving skills. I sailed through a lot of the physical part because I wasn’t a fat bastard back then, and the problem solving skills required a lot of maths which is my career, so I was ok there.

As for the psychological part, you had to enter a clear box ‘room’ filled with something you’re terrified of, and search through to find clues to the next part. 

I thought of a believable lie before I entered the show (we had to list 5 things we were afraid of) and I put down all the things I’m *not* scared of. I listed spiders, cockroaches, snakes, scorpions, and wood lice. I literally couldn’t care less about any of these creatures. I grew up in rural landscape and I’ve had to pretty much deal with creepy crawlies my entire life so it’s not an issue. My actual fear is a bit more obscure and I really honestly knew I’d fail if I was put in a room with it. 

When I entered the room there were cockroaches *everywhere* I was in my boxers and barefoot (which was incredibly gross I can’t lie) and had to sift through and move the cockroaches to find clues for my next challenge.

I did it in the time period ascribed to me and got through to the next part. The rest of the contestants failed.

Now, I won a pretty average car which I didn’t particularly want, so as soon as I legally could I sold it and made a nice profit since it was pretty much brand new and bought myself a rather nicer car.

I told my family this recently on a drunken night when we were all at a get together, and although everybody found it uproariously funny, my family are split into 2 camps- some people think I cheated and was ethically and morally wrong, and other people think the other contestants deserved to lose if they listed their *actual* fears.

I’m obviously in the latter category, but genuinely wondering what others think.My stepson is turning 18 soon and my husband and I decided that we will be getting him a car. I make more than my husband does and we will be splitting the cost of the car 70/30. That’s fine with me.

His mother is a woman who I make the effort to be civil with but don’t like. I am much younger than she and my husband are, and come from a more privileged background; she had a lot of things to say about that. She called me her ex’s cash cow and that’s one of the better things she said about me. We are not friends and I won’t even describe her as nice to me.

When my husband told her that we will buy my stepson a car for his birthday, she said she wants to chip in 5% of the cost and then we could tell my stepson that the gift is from all of his parents and step parents. 

I don’t want to do that. I don’t need her 5% and my stepson knows that his mom and step dad are not in a position to equally share the cost of buying the car. I don’t want recognition for paying 70% of his gift’s cost but I don’t want to share my and my husband’s gift to my stepson with a woman who has always been antagonistic to me.

I don’t know why she wants us to gift the car jointly now because we’ve never given my stepson a gift jointly before. And I don’t understand what’s so bad about getting separate gifts from me and his dad, and his mom and his stepdad.

I know that many people will say that it’s better for my stepson to see that all his parents and step parents are getting along. I’m civil to his mom and I never talk negatively about her to him. Is that not enough? Am I incapable of being a good step mother to him if I’m not best friends with his mom? Do I have to let his mom get her way whenever she asks in the name of all parents getting along?[Link to a snapshot of my OP](https://reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bwoxwx/aita_for_refusing_to_give_my_newborns_social/epz1kn2/)

I was able to speak with my aunt and my mother a week and a half ago. My aunt was actually still pretty upset about it and my mother still took her side. I explained why exactly I didn’t feel good about giving her Leyla’s social security number. They both told me about how their aunts/uncles had opened accounts for them 40+ years ago for the exact same purpose and they didn’t see anything wrong with it.

After explaining to them that 40 years ago you didn’t have to worry much about someone stealing your identity, let alone before you could eat solid food, they seemed to understand. We ended up working out a compromise - My wife and I opened a bank account which lets both my aunt and my mother make deposits but not withdrawals, nor can they see any details about the account in their online banking portal. Everything seemed to have worked out well.

Yesterday, my mom called and told me her credit card company had called about a several hundred dollar charge from Romania. She had the card cancelled, looked at her credit, saw a totally different credit card had been opened in her name. She said it completely justified my hesitation. Her information was stolen in the Equifax breach a couple of years ago.

Moral of the story: Trust your gut on financial matters. While my mom and aunt had good intentions in mind, you really can’t be too careful these days.So my little brother is notorious for eating other people's food knowing it's not his. After several talking to's from my parents he still doesn't care and if anything he will only eat mine and my sister's food which is still annoying. A few nights back we ordered pizzas from this one joint and we all order our own. I wasn't home that night but my dad took my order anyways knowing I'd eat it the next day. 

Since all the boxes are the same and some pizzas look the same we write our names on the boxes to easily differentiate the pies, you'd think this would stop my brother but it didn't. I got home the next morning pretty hungry and dying to have some of my pizza. I open the fridge grab MY BOX and lo and behold there's only 2 slices left. I know my sister didn't eat it because she hates pepperoni, it wasn't my mom because she's vegan, and my dad doesn't eat anyone's pizza without asking so I knew damn well it was my fatass little brother who ate not only his pizza but pretty much 3/4 of mine too. 

I'm beyond pissed at this point because the place we order from is really good and two small slices isn't going to cut it for me. Knowing my brother would kill the rest of my box soon I decided to sprinkle Ghost Pepper flakes on the last two slices. We actually grow the peppers too so we have bunch in the freezer and a little jar of flakes for my sister and dad. So I'm in the living room minding my own and my little brother comes down to eat again and he's on his phone so he's barely paying attention. This fat fuck has the audacity to grab my pizza right in front of me too which just annoyed me even more. After he finishes nuking it he bites into one slice and I get up to the fridge to grab and hide the milk. I hear him freaking out and he didn't stop crying for an hour.I'm a high school senior and my brother is a high school freshman. I have a car that I bought with money I'd saved from work, and I pay my own gas. However my parents pay my car insurance, so they said that driving is a privilege for me, not a right.

They said I need to drive my brother to school even though there's a bus. And the problem is that I get motion sick easily; even when I'm driving. Too much driving makes me vomit, and bad smells when I'm in a car make me feel ill too.

I'm not exaggerating, I've always been like this. As a kid, my family couldn't go on vacation without me puking at least once. I always make sure I know where my barf bag is on a plane. I always used to take motion sickness pills, but I'm not allowed when I'm driving because they make you tired.

Anyway, I can handle the drive to school on my own fine, but when my brother is with me I literally feel so sick because of his BO. Even with the windows on my side open

My friend told me I should make a checklist of what my brother needs to do before getting in my car in the morning: have a shower with shampoo and soap, brush his teeth, put on deodorant, wear clean clothes including underwear and socks, remember to use shoe antifungal spray. 

Right now, he doesn't do that, he likes to sleep in to the last minute, skip showers most days, pick clothes up off the floor to wear, skip brushing his teeth, etc.

So I did that and told my mom and dad that I couldn't do it anymore unless my brother had done the hygiene list in the morning. Either they could check or I would. And they blew up at me saying that I was being nasty and humiliating, that if I wouldn't drive my brother I couldn't drive. And I said fine; I'll go back to riding my bicycle to school or getting a ride from my friend.

And that caused a big fight, because I guess they were not expecting me to call their bluff and give up driving.

AITA for what I did?Throwaway bc flatmates have reddit. 

So I [20m] live in a flat with 3 other people; childhood best friend [23f], a guy from my uni course [20m] and his cousin [26f]. For the most part we get along really well and rarely have disagreements. However this has been a real point of contention lately. 

About six months ago I began a relationship with a guy I've known for a couple of years [21m]. I know it's still a fairly new relationship but I really like him, he makes me really happy and we're pretty serious about each other. Up until recently, he would come visit me at my flat 3-4 times a week. This was mostly due to the fact that I have chronic fatigue and going on "proper" dates can be really challenging for me. Instead of going out to dinner or a film or whatever, we'd just chill in my room or the living room, watch TV and get takeout or cook together. I didn't really consult anyone about this becsuse a) all the other flatmates have their partners over as often if not moreso and b) he rarely spends the night and usually leaves before 10PM because of his work schedule. 

So the issue: two weeks ago 26f comes to me and tells me that I need to stop having my boyfriend over because it's "starting to get annoying". I asked her why and she said it's irritating to have someone who doesn't live there "skulking around all the time". I pointed out that her boyfriend sleeps over three nights a week and thus is here more often than mine and she claimed that was different because they've been together for 11 years and are moving in together once her lease is up. She said she's discussed it with the other flatmates and they've all agreed he needs to stop coming over or he has to chip in to the rent because it's "getting ridiculous". Note: nobody else's partner chips in on the rent. I confirmed with the other two that yes, this is an agreement they've made, though my best friend said 26f basically made her agree by threatening to cut off the wifi and utilities, which are in her name, if she didn't. I asked if this rule applies to everyone but apparently it's just me. I pointed out that it's unfair and was basically told to deal with it.

My potential assholery: I've begun loudly insisting that if my partner isn't allowed to come over, neither is anybody else's.  If I answer the door to anyone's partner I'll send them away. If I come home and someone's partner is there I'll make a point to mention that I thought we weren't having partners who don't pay rent over any more. I've asked 26f's boyfriend over and over how much rent he's paying and pretend to be affronted and make a fuss when he says he doesn't. Everyone's pretty pissed at me and is telling me I'm being unreasonable. I know I'm being petty, but I think it's unreasonable that there's one rule for me and another for everyone else and I'm trying to make that point. Am I really the asshole here?

ETA: some questions people keep asking: 
1. If I knew of something my boyfriend was doing to be annoying/if anyone had told me that he was doing something I'd have included it. I'm not aware of anything he does and when I ask why 26f doesn't like him I just get a shrug and "just do". I will also state I'm bi, and she's never had an issue with any female partners I've had. 
2. We don't hang out in the living room much. We literally only use it if there's something we want to watch that I can't get on my bedroom TV and there's nobody else in there. We use the kitchen more often than the living room, but honestly even that isn't that often (we eat far too much takeout pizza rip) 
3. A lot of people seem confused so just clearing up who's who in the situation: the one who brought all this up is 26F, *not* my best friend. My best friend is 23F. Not to get too much into a tangent, but basically just over a year ago I was moving out of halls at university and 23F was looking for a new place so we decided to move in together. At the same time, a dude from my course - 20M - was looking for a flatshare. We couldn't find a 3 bed but found a really nice 4 bed and he mentioned his cousin - 26F - was also looking for somewhere to live so she got on board too. I only met her last year and we don't really know each other very well.
4. By chronic fatigue I mean chronic fatigue syndrome sorry that's apparently so unclear.Me and Diomara (12F) have had a rough summer.  She's been more defiant than usual.  I've been dating her Mom Mara (30F) for 2 years now.  9 moths ago, they moved in with me, Maple (33M).  Both Dio and Mara have an on again/off again relationship with Dio's Dad (Dynasis).  He's pretty much never paid child support, comes and goes as he pleases into Dio's life.   Typical shitty-ass part time Dad.  I've tried to fill the Dad role in her life, while still understanding boundaries, taking things slow, etc.  

&#x200B;

This summer Dynasis decides he wants to be a real Dad and takes Dio in for a month.  Good for him, not my business, and Mara agrees.  When Dio came back home because school started she was a lot different.  Really mean to me, very dismissive.  A few days ago she got caught shoplifting at the mall.  Security took her in then called Mara, who didn't answer, then called Dynasis, who didn't answer, and finally me.  I answered.  They told me I had to pick her up or she'll be handed over to juvenile.  

&#x200B;

I didn't say anything to her while I picked her up.  I apologized to security, apologized to the store.  I even tipped the security guards plus the store employees because its fucked up they had to deal with that.  I assured them Dio would be punished appropriately.  

&#x200B;

I'm speaking to her in a strong, affirmative, voice while we're in the car.  NOT yelling, but in a fatherly tone, I suppose.  I'm telling her how fucked up it is to steal, and how I dont fuck with thieves, and how I absolutely don't voluntarily fuck with any kind of police so I don't appreciate any of this nor will I accept it in my house.  She snaps back that I'm not her Dad so don't ever tell her what to do.  From now on, if I wanna tell her something I need to clear it with her real father first.  

&#x200B;

That killed my soul.  For the past year or so, I've treated her as my own daughter.  I've paid for their housing, I've paid for her moms car, her schooling, her food, everything.  Her bio Dad dropped $100 check off one time in the past year.  The fuckin check bounced so I had to call him up and he brought cash over.  I told Mara about all of this.  She was appalled at what Dio said, but she never made Dio apologize because "she's not wrong, you're not her Dad."

&#x200B;

A couple of days later Dio asks me for some money to pay for her uniform/accessories she needs for a sport she's involved in.  I say go ask your Dad.  She scoffs and says her Dad doesn't have the money for it, so I have to pay for it.  I tell her...I'm not her Dad so don't ever tell me what I have to pay for.  She cried to Mara, who tells me I'm not being an adult about the situation.  Mind you, I never received an apology or a thanks for our entire previous situation.  Mara says Dio is a kid and I need to stop acting like a kid too.I'm a slave to the siren (a Starbucks barista). I'm pretty decent with most customers and I'm pretty good at having convos with customers and sensing when someone just wants the line moved forward.

Anyway, I was on register the other day, taking people's orders. Two older men were ordering from me. One of them said "a coffee, black", so I just asked to clarify the size he wanted and the roast (blonde, medium or dark) to which he first spoke to his friend and said, rudely

"Nou zeg, niet de slimste meid die hier werkt, hè? Ze zouden en beetje kunnen leeren om hun hersenen te gebruiken"

Which is Dutch and translates roughly to 

"Wow, (this is) not the smartest gal that works here, huh? They could learn to use their brains a little"

Then he told me he wanted a medium dark roast. So I nodded and then replied to him in Dutch, asking him the regular questions I would to complete an order (anything else to eat or drink today?, What was your name for your other drinks? Do you have a Starbucks rewards card?). I was perfectly pleasant and smiley for the rest of the transaction but just conducted it in Dutch. 

He answered the questions in English but his eyes were bulging out of his head. His friend looked kind of worried but burst out laughing when they walked away.

I realize it might not be the best look for someone in service, and when my coworker asked me what it was about and I explained, she seemed kinda confused as to why I would do that.

I don't think it was an asshole move because I was still nice to the guy but I definitely called him out and made it clear to him that I'd understood the stuff he was saying. But maybe I shouldn't have because of the position I was in at the time (like customer service?) 

AITA?Unfortunately my girlfriend's social skills aren't excellent and as a result whenever she is annoyed at me she is totally incapable of expressing why she is annoyed, so she resorts to totally ignoring me.

Yesterday at 1:00 we were supposed to meet up for a birthday meal for a good friend. In the morning I sent her a few messages saying "what time should I pick you up" and such, all of which went ignored. I decided to just pretend that she was asleep and I went without her. When I arrived I just made a joke saying "I think she's still asleep", she hasn't replied to any of my messages. At about 12:45 I got a string of messages asking where I was and what's going on. I just played dumb and said "Wait, you're ready? I thought you were still in bed or something??"

I knew fine well that she was ready to leave the house but I didn't want to play this stupid game and I don't like the disrespect of being totally ignored like this, so I just decided to not pick her up.

Obviously she was mad at me and had no idea how to express her emotions besides bursts of anger and then ghosting.So my situation is a little difficult so I thought I would confide in the good professional people of reddit. Couple days ago me and my brother we’re hanging out late night doing regular guy things drinking, watching sports, etc. We haven’t seen each other in maybe 5-6 years so naturally we started talking about life and what’s been going on the past few years. Towards the end of our conversation we started to get to the “secrets” I mentioned something along the lines that I smoked weed for the first time and did various other substances (This was hard for me to tell because my whole life I was pretty much anti-drugs and such.) We both laughed about it saying “Just don’t let mom find out” The joke died out after a little bit and then he just blurted out “I cheated on my wife...” At first it didn’t register until I saw his face and he was dead serious. I for one hate cheaters, but I try to do my best not to judge anyone for their actions. He begins explaining this was something that happened about 4 years ago when his wife was always busy with work. She would travel a lot and be away for weeks at a time. He told me they were going through a tough time back then lots of arguing, not communicating, and that he felt really lonely. During this same time my brother met a girl at his local gym, started off as friends, slowly kept bonding and you guessed they did the sex. He told me this occasion only happened once and pretty much cut her off after that night because he started to feel guilty for a short while. Few months later his relationship turned for the better for him and his wife. Pretty much after his wife’s travels slowed down his whole relationship has been great. They’ve both gotten promotions, bought a house, more family vacations. (They have a kid) 
He told me life has been good to him now and he’s just thankful things have finally worked out. 

As stated before I hate cheaters and I’ve always felt that the person being cheated on always has the right know. I know for sure this would probably destroy their marriage and there would be a fight for the kid. My heart tells me I have to tell her because it’s the right thing to do, especially because I’ve known my brother to cheat one other time on an ex-girlfriend couple years before his current wife. My brain tells me it’s none of my business and I should keep my mouth shut. I don’t want to see their kid go throughout that kind pain either. On one hand I betray my brother if I say something on the other hand I betray our close family friend because I know this secret and I don’t say anything. I wish he never told me, ignorance is truly bliss. So there it is, WIBTA if I said something?

TLDR: Brother Cheated on his wife years ago because he was depressed, now everything is better and he told me about it, but now I feel obligated to tell his wife because she’s a close friend. WIBTA?

Edit: I’m referring SIL as close family friend because my family and her family have known each since elementary school days and thus are Very close lol. I thought this iteration would make the relationship sound stronger than just SIL, but it looks like I was wrong.

Second Edit: Wow this is on the front page, I never intended nor expected this blow up as it did! I’m sorry I can’t reply to everyone, but there will be some kind of update.Let me start off by saying my son, Adam, is 22 years old. Back when my ex wife, Tori, and I were trying for kids we found out that I was infertile. We decided we’d adopt then about 4 months later my ex wife is pregnant. I was thrilled because I thought maybe the doctor made a mistake. No, I was wrong. My ex wife cheated on me and I didn’t find out until 20 years later. 

Tori told me 2 years ago that she cheated on me, and we did a paternity test to make sure and well he’s not my biological son. My ex and I divorced a few weeks later. Ever since my son found out the truth he wanted to meet his biological Father. He did and they started to become really close. It hurt me much more than I thought it would. 

He’s an adult he can make his own decisions but it hurt really bad. They started to bond really well, and all of a sudden Adam became really distant from me. It’s been like this for almost a year and a half. I try to text him to make plans for dinner and he said he’s busy with Chris (biological Father). I tried numerous times to connect with him by calling and texting but he never made plans aside from like a meal every other month. We used to do stuff every other week but it’s been completely different since he found out about Chris.

I couldn’t stand it. My son who I raised since he was a baby treated me like I didn’t matter. Any time we’d actually have plans he would still be cold and distant. What I mean by that is became much more defensive of his personal life. I’d ask him how classes or friends were and he’d just say they were fine but never go deeper than that. He also changed his major from Econ to Computer Science and didn’t even mention it to me until a year later. 

I told him how much he was hurting me because of how distant he was and he apologized and said he’d do better. He never did. I told him numerous times and he never changed. He was still distant.

What was the final straw for me was the phone conversation I had with him last week. He said he was going to change his last name to Chris’ because he liked it so much and because they were close. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. I told him this “I can’t believe you are going to do this. That’s really disappointing to me. If you decide to change your last name go ahead but if you do that then I’m no longer your Father and I don’t want to be involved in your life.” 

He hung up on me. I didn’t even bother reaching out because I know he wouldn’t respond. I stand by what I said. I meant every word and still do. The last name change to me means he no longer views me as a Father and views Chris as his (despite the fact he’s 22).

My family told me I’m being unreasonable meanwhile my best friends think it’s reasonable. I was told to post it here. So Reddit am I being an asshole?

INFO: Something to add. After I found out about Chris I took a couple of days and didn’t speak to my ex wife or Adam. They didn’t contact me. I didn’t contact them. I needed a break.

Edit 2: A lot of you are asking for a deeper meaning behind this and I think I finally figured out why he’s been so cold. A few months before my wife told us the truth we were in a very long argument. His Grandma (my mother) left a big inheritance for him that I am fully in charge of. Enough to pay for college and have enough wiggle room to not stress all the time about it. After a semester of university he started dating this girl. He was head over heels in love with her. 

I never met the girl so I have zero clue how she felt about the relationship. Suddenly after a few months of dating Adam asked me for about $3K to be deposited into his account from the inheritance. I already paid for the semester so this was odd to me. I asked Adam why he needed the money. He said his girlfriend was having trouble paying for paying for her tuition and asked my son to help. 

I told him no because it seemed to me that she was treating him like a piggy bank. He spent over 1K on her in just under a few months. He would constantly talk about how he loved going shopping with her so he could buy her things. To me she was just after my son’s inheritance and I was right. What I said to him was basically this “Adam, you haven’t been dating this girl for very long at all and for me to give you that much money just to spend on her after a few months doesn’t sit well with me. That’s the money your grandmother left you for your college career, not hers. If you 2 were more serious then I would think about it, but I’m not giving you that much money to just give your girlfriend.” Turns out my guess was right and she was after his money. They broke up shortly after and have had an on again off again relationship ever since. 

He was upset with me but he eventually got over it after a few months. Then we found out about my ex’s affair. I don’t know if that’s the real reason he’s so cold. That was a huge argument that went on for weeks until she left him.Not a clickbait title, that's actually what happened. I got called an asshole for it, so now I have come here out of curiosity for you fine people to help settle the disagreement.

I met a girl online and we clicked, and have gone on a couple dates. Two nights ago was our third date and I was treating her to dinner at a local burger place in the city. Nothing fancy, I just wanted some good conversation over a tasty meal. This girl is a knockout, has the rare quality of being a great listener, and isn't obsessed with herself. She's funny, charming, and smart. We had had several great dates and I was getting close to asking her to be my girlfriend. She is also the one who called me an asshole before the night was done (not her exact words, but we'll get there.)

Our waitress for dinner was great. Actually enthusiastic and friendly, on point with the refills, and just top notch service all around. At one point in the evening she did spill a partially-full glass of water on our table, but it wasn't really her fault because she had gotten bumped into, and she was very quick to apologize and wipe the table dry with a smile on her face, so if anything that was a point in her column.

At the end of the meal, she brought the check and I told her I would like to speak with her manager. She asked if there was something wrong, and I calmly repeated that I would like to speak with her manager and could she please go get him. She leaves and reappears with the manager a few moments later, and I proceed to tell him that we had gotten *excellent* service that night, and that (her name) was one of their best. He thanked me for the feedback and she also looked very happy at the compliment and thanked me.

The only one not happy was my date. She said, "If that was supposed to impress me, it didn't." and said that I was full of myself. She didn't say much else as we gathered our things to leave and there was no kiss at the door that night. I texted her saying I was sorry for whatever I did wrong and that I'd like to see her again soon, so far no response.

So pardon my french, but what the fuck?I know from the title, it definitely sounds like I would be the asshole but please hear me out. I have an older cousin whose son, my nephew, is in his early 20s. My nephew is autistic and holds a part time job, but is significantly delayed in many developmental areas (I don’t know the specifics) and will never be independent according to his parents. 

Recently, my cousin and cousin-in-law have been thinking about relocating to our state because of recent job opportunities, and we’ve hosted them in the past when they’ve visited. The first time they stayed with us (before my son was born), my nephew seemed to develop a strong attachment to my wife and always wanted to be near her. He drew a picture of a heart and picked some flowers from our yard and gave them to her before they left, saying he loved her. My wife thought this was sweet and gently handled his crush by telling him she would always love him as his aunt, but she was sure he would find another girl to fill his heart soon. He told her no, she was his girlfriend. 

This weekend, they were staying with us again and my nephew again wanted to be near my wife every chance he got. His mom and dad noticed and told him that because my wife now had to care for our son, she couldn’t pay attention to him as much as before. He got upset telling us that she was his girlfriend and had a meltdown, which caused my son to start crying. When my wife got up to take our son to another room to calm him down, my nephew got up to follow and his dad had to forcibly restrain him from following them. I stood up to block the hallway into the separate room just in case he got away from his dad. 

Once they calmed him down, they apologized for his behavior and said they would keep better tabs on him. Here’s the part where I may be the asshole. I told my cousins I didn’t feel comfortable with my nephew being so possessive of my wife, and I know for sure she didn’t, especially since he seemed to be so jealous of our son. I told them I couldn’t allow their son in our home until he learned to control himself and understand that my wife was not his girlfriend. I apologized but asked them to get a hotel room for the rest of their stay and not to visit us again unless they left my nephew behind with people they could trust and knew would care for him, while they searched for jobs in our state. They didn’t say anything but looked saddened and went to the guest room with their son to pack up their bags. 

I guess they must have told my extended family what happened because my paternal grandmother called me this afternoon, telling me that I should’ve been more understanding and that I was wrong to ask them to leave. 

Am I the asshole?

EDIT for added info: 

Thank you to everyone who took the time to comment or private message me with their own experiences with family members who are/were autistic. There’s not nearly enough time for me to respond to each of the comments (which honestly surprised me when I saw how many had reached out to me), but I wanted to address some questions that had been asked. 

1. The first one is that technically, my cousin is my second cousin. My dad is an only child so the cousin I refer to in my post, is the son of my own dad’s first cousin (my paternal grandmother and his paternal grandfather were siblings). I’m not sure if this is correct but his autistic son would technically be my third cousin(?). The reason I refer to him as my nephew is because he’s the generation after mine in our family tree and it’s less of a mouthful to refer to him as cousin-x-removed. A lot of people have posted that it’s not correct to refer to him as my nephew but to be frank, I don’t care, and my family’s never followed this traditional genealogy nomenclature. I apologize if it was misleading in my post. Without being specific, in the western state I was born and grew up in, it’s not uncommon to refer to even close (unrelated) adults as uncles or aunts. I call him my nephew because my cousin and I were close and I still hope to have a close relationship with him if at all possible (though I don’t know how after this situation). 

2. Some have asked if I was jealous of my nephew calling my wife his gf. The first time, I thought it was amusing and was surprised that he had any romantic notions towards anyone, let alone my wife. Remember, in my mind he’s my nephew and I never thought of him as anything other than a large kid because of his developmental delays and normal (for him) childlike behavior. Regarding the situation that happened this weekend, I was only concerned for my wife and son’s safety. I didn’t know how he would react and followed my cousin’s lead, but wasn’t about to let him get near my wife and son once they left the room. 

3. I don’t know what was said to my paternal grandmother but I don’t want to react in anger and want to talk to my cousin once we’ve both had time to process what happened and calmed down.On my gf's birthday I gave her a necklace that I spent $400 on.  I wasn't expecting her to spend the same as me, but I was expecting something.

Here's how it went down.  After dinner she asked me if I was ready for my gift, I said yes and she started giving me oral.  She doesn't like giving oral and I'm ok with it.  She was giving bad oral and honestly I just wanted her to stop, then she gets up and pulls me into my room and we have sex.

I feel disappointed.   I don't think sex is a gift.  I didn't expect a gift that was equal to what I spent, but I wanted a least something.Ok. I fucked up.

My brother-in-law saw one of those stupid videos where they destroy the video game console in front of the child to teach him a lesson. I heard him planning on doing that to my nephew because he failed 2 courses at school (he is 12). I tried talking them out of it, telling them that's not the way, sell it, hide it, whatever just don't do it.... that was my point.

I told my nephew, what they were going to do, and asked him not to overreact, just tell them you are disappointed, or something that makes them feel bad, if he brings his grades up, I will get him a new PS4, but I want his stupid parents to feel guilty.

Last week, my brother-in-law sat him a chair, have a couple of assholes friends holding him and proceed to destroy the ps4 with a baseball bat, while laughing and yelling and recording.

My nephew had a poker face, did not move at all,  and whisper something and laughed. His dad stopped asked everybody to shut up and asked him, what? why are you laughing about?

My nephew said: You humiliated me, you took something that was mine, and humiliated me in front of everybody.  You are bigger, stronger... but everybody is helpless when they are asleep. I am laughing because everybody is helpless when they are sleeping.... If you are done, I want to go inside, there something I need to think about.

He had an entire week to prepare what to say, and this is what he came up with, and his delivery was fucking scary, I was speechless, everybody was shocked. I said out loud, good parenting everybody, good job, and went after my nephew.

I spoke with my nephew afterward,  and he said that he will tell no one I had told him, and he has no plans on doing anything to his parents at all, he just wants to teach him a lesson as I suggested.

Now, my sister book an appointment with a psychologist, they are sleeping with locks on their doors and caused a family crisis.

And I feel like an asshole because I just have to tell them what I did to patch things, but honestly, I just want to see where this is going.

&#x200B;

Edit.

I tried to answer as many comments as possible but I will provide some more context.

1. My nephew told me he heard a similar line in a mafia movie, but he doesn't remember which, he told he wrote down some ideas to make the parents feel guilty and chose that one.
2. it did happen. I am aware of how unbelievably bad-ass it sound. I share it because I was feeling guilty and because I was proud of my nephew's epic response.
3. The father tried hiding the controller once to punish him, but he sneak a second controller he borrowed from a friend. They are not abusive parents all the time. They saw a video online, thought it will teach him a lesson. I disagree and thought it was outright traumatic since they didn't listen I thought to give my nephew a heads up.
4. My sister is super paranoic. Her husband is concerned about his response, but not because he is afraid for his life. My sister is. Which makes things worse for me.
5. I thought it was a fun thing to share, they are not bad people, they do weird stuff like taking pictures of my nephews and niece holding signs when they do something wrong (shame pictures), nothing physical, nothing really abusive, this was the first and for the looks the last time.
6. I don't think there is much to update, they will go to therapy and most likely will patch things out. If something worth sharing or worthy of talking about, I will post it.
7. yes, I feel very proud of my nephew. keeping it cool while it was happening it was way more than what I could have possibly expected.

Edit 2

In retrospective and after reading some comments, they really need therapy. When you see it every day it is hard to notice that some behavior could be toxic. I don't regret what I did, and definitely don't regret posting it here. Reddit can be really insightful sometimes. 

Thanks for your comments.I am one of five children, and we all have grown up/late teen children. They're everything from lawyers to accountants to welders to hairdressers, and everyone is happy. 

My sister Paula's daughter Amy is the most successful of the bunch. She's 22 and has recently graduated from one of the best universities in the world with a degree in biochemistry and started a job as soon as she finished her course.

I don't dislike Amy but she's always been trouble. I have a daughter the same age as her, Charlotte. When they were younger Amy did a great job convincing Charlotte that she'd never be as pretty as Amy, and once tried to push her out of a family photo because she wasn't pretty enough. 

When Amy graduated, Paula held a post-graduation party at her place, and Amy was the centre of attention as she deserved to be, but ever since then Paula has gone out of her way to make Amy the centre of attention everywhere. Over the summer my brother, his wife and their two kids went to a theme park. Amy wanted to go too and Paula demanded they take her, for no other reason than that ''she's just graduated from X''. Amy behaved like a brat the entire time and Paula excused her behaviour for the exact same reason. 

Amy smoked weed at my parents house a few weeks back. I don't mind this but they do, but once again Paula made them let her off due to her elite graduate status. 

The final straw came last weekend. My son Mark just got engaged and we held an informal engagement party at our place. Paula, her husband Rob, and Amy were there, and Paula set about trying to convince me to let Amy play a big part in the wedding, which is a while away. Mark's fiancee Vicky barely knows Amy, and she will of course have her own people in mind for her bridal party. Paula said Amy deserves a big part because of her achievements, and also because she's so pretty she'd make the perfect bridesmaid. 

I was frustrated and told Paula that Amy's achievements do not mean she deserves special treatment, and that being an elite graduate and pretty doesn't make her better than anyone else. I told Paula Amy was a spoiled brat who needs to get on with her life. 

Unfortunately the music wasn't very loud and everyone heard. Amy heard and stormed away crying, and the whole family have been texting and calling me saying I was wrong for humiliating ''a child'' in public. 

Amy isn't a child, and pointing out the truth is not humiliation.So how to begin with this...I realize that on paper I am totally the asshole but when you dig deeper into my motivations I'm hoping its more of a grey area that anything else and maybe even I did the right thing. 

When I was a teenager my dad bought me a classic 1972 Ford Bronco. It was my true passion and I don't recall a memory from high school that somehow doesn't involve that truck. Plus my dad and I would spend hours and hours working on it together and we went through that especially father/son rough patch when I was teenager it was always that Bronco that brought us back together. I made a huge mistake and sold the truck when I turned 19 and my dad died of a heart attack two months later so while not logical, I've always felt a karmic connection between the two events. 

We had a baby in early February. she is our first and the light of my life. My wife is doing well but she's back at work and she's realized that she hates all the day cares we've tried and really wants to be a stay at home mom and plus she's still very hormonal from delivery, lack of sleep and breastfeeding so she's having a rough time and is angry a lot. I guess I need to say this. 

Two weeks ago I was driving through our town's warehouse district and saw a Bronco that was pretty beat up but resembled mine. I stopped just for nostalgias sake and the owner came out and let me take a look inside. My dad and I had glued a wheat penny under the dash as sort of security measure so I just sort of checked and goddamned if it wasn't MY BRONCO! 

I asked him if he'd ever consider selling it, he said actually someone was on I-25 as we spoke from Colorado to buy it for $21000. I freaked out and asked him if I could buy it right then and there for $23000. He said if I could come up with the cash, yes. I had been procrastinating setting up a 529 so I had $12000 in savings that my wife's parents had given us, I maxed out my credit card to Venmo and my mom bought down a check for $4000 and I fucking drove away in my old car. It was like a dream come true. Like a literal dream come true. It needs a lot of work I can't afford right now but it's mine. Like in my driveway mine. Again. I can't even describe what a joy this is. 

My wife and her parents are furious with me. They feel I was deceptive, that a "real" man would have sacrificed anything and everything so my wife could go stay at home with his kids and that's setting aside that they gave us the money for a college fund. My point is my daughter is only 6 months old, we have 18 years to set up a college fund of her. But this Bronco means everything to me and if I wouldn't have acted it would have been gone forever. Now it can be that same connection between me and my kids. To me it's the literal meaning of happiness.

Like I said on paper--asshole...whole story--grey area. How do you guys see it?

Edit: had no idea this would go so one way. I guess I messed up. I talked with my mom and she is basically going to buy the bronco from me in order to refill the college fund and pay off the credit card. The $4k will be a gift and she’s going to give me whatever I need to restore it. She’s always been awesome to me and she’s rather the money be spent now than wait for me and my sisters inheritance. Sorry to get everyone so mad at me, I was thinking with my emotions and acted badly

edit2: are the “mommy bailed you out” comments really necessary ? I found a solution and it’s coming from me and my sisters inheritance so it’s not like I’m not paying for it on my own eventually.

Edit 3: my inbox is so buried I have no idea what those icons are that are where gold used to be. Does anyone know what those are ?

Edit4: I’m getting a 403 error whenever I try to respond, not sure what that means but I’m still reading because honestly I’m afraid to go home even with the great news I know my wife is going to be upset for one reason or another

Edit5: does anyone know what 403 error means? I messaged the moderators but they must be busy /u/SnausageFest since you’re a mod, do you know? I can’t respond to any posts and get the “status 403” whenever I try. Thanks!

Edit in the morning: I couldn’t figure out why I was getting so many private’s  but I guess this must be locked now. I didn’t tell my wife that my mom bailed me out and lied and Said I found a buyer for the bronco. I’ll figure out how to cross that bridge when I get there but my wife was so relieved that I “had come to your senses” I don’t want to disappoint her. It’s going to take all my lying skills to pull this one off over the next few years.(not from my husband)

My husband and I are on our honeymoon. His parents gifted us a week in an all inclusive hotel at no cost to us as a wedding gift, and we were really grateful. On arriving we found out that they'd also booked a room at this hotel for themselves for the whole week and want to do group things. Outside of this, we see them maybe 2 or 3 times a year for a couple days at a time as he finds them a bit overbearing at times and they don't really like me.

It's not like they're in the room next door or anything and we can still do stuff in our room alone but they knock on our door regularly, waking us up at 6am, making us get all 3 meals a day with them. We've tried telling them we wanted "alone time" for our honeymoon and they shrugged us off saying that's what our room is for. We also tried faking illness to get out of eating with them and they just got room service to our room and sat with us while we faked stomach aches. My husband snapped earlier and said this whole thing was way over the line and they had no right intruding on our honeymoon of all things, and they told us that they paid for this whole thing and that as adults we're allowed to take holidays at the same time to the same place.

We've been talking and we saved up to pay for our own honeymoon before they surprised us. We still have the money we would have spent in our joint wedding/honeymoon account. There's another town we wanted to go to on our honeymoon and we looked it up and we could get tickets from here to there and then back home for less than £60 total. We could also book a few days in a nice hotel for about half of what's left in our wedding/honeymoon fund and use the remainder of the week we booked off in another town without his parents knowing we'd left until we had.

It's 9pm now, there's trains from here to the other town every hour, plus more half-hourly trains tomorrow.

Would we be the arseholes if we ran away from his parents without telling them?

Update: our train should be arriving in our final station in the next 30 mins, we've found a hotel that's able to take us tonight, and we are very excited about the next 4 daysI’m 40M, my wife is 39F, son in 15. 

Yesterday when it was dinner time I called him to come downstairs few times. He didn’t answer me so I assumed that he didn’t hear me. I went upstairs and knocked on his door, he said he’d come downstairs in few minutes. After 15 minutes he still didn’t come downstairs so I walked in his room. I knocked first. He was obviously crying. I asked him what was wrong but he didn’t answer me so I didn’t push him more. 

 I went downstairs and told my wife about it. She went upstairs to talk to him and stayed there for half an hour. She came back and brought him food upstairs. When I asked her what was wrong she said that it wasn’t anything important and told me to drop it. I got kind of upset because I want to know what was wrong and I’m his parent as well. 

I haven’t been fully ignoring them but I’ve been acting kinda distant since yesterday. My wife got mad at said that I was acting extremely immature. I will try to keep it very short so as to not bore anyone. About six months or so ago my grandpa died. For simplicity sake, let’s say hi estate is worth about $1.5 million. In his will he said that me, my sister and my cousin each get 1/3 share.  His estate was basically two cash amounts and the other share was his beach home in California. Basically the oldest got to pick which they wanted, the second oldest and the youngest which was me. M

I got the beach house, my sister and cousin got $500k. For the last six months I’ve allowed my sister to stay in the house whenever she likes but I just got my first tax bill and I either have to sell it or start making some income off it. After talking to the real estate agent I’ve decided the best course of action is to put it on Airbnb. That way I can still use it if I like, but sister can pay me to use it if she still wants to go there, basically there’s not someone renting full-time.

 My sister is furious with me for so many reasons, first of all I know she’s upset because she can no longer use the house for free. But she’s also telling me that I basically becoming a rent seeking capitalist who is going to ruin the neighborhood which has been a total classic surf neighborhood since the 1950s. She has written me angry email after angry email after angry email calling me all sorts of names. She also says it’s not fair because her inheritance is gone for her debts but I still make money from mine, and that if she had chose the house I could stay there any time I want.  She’s my older sister and I’ve always been impressionable to the things she says to me and I’m feeling a lot of guilt and shame for what she told me. Am I the asshole here?Okay, let me just get right into this. I [27M] was kicked out at 16 because my older sister [37F] outed me to my parents as gay. They completely cut off all contact with me and I didn't see any of my family up until last year, when my father passed away and Mum had a change of heart and we started building a relationship again. When I was kicked out, my nephew was 5 years old. For the less maths savvy, that makes him 16 now. 

A couple of weeks ago, there was a family party in which he and I ended up spending most of the evening together, just chatting and stuff. He asked me why I wasn't around for so long and what happened between me and the fam to make them push me out like that. I asked him what his mum had told him and he just shrugged and said she won't talk about it. I told him he's maybe better having this conversation with her but he kept pressing until I eventually confessed I was cut off for being gay. He made a face and asked how my parents even found out. I told him I was outed by my sister, but that he must understand that this was a long time ago and that I don't think she'd do something like that *now* and that it was just a silly mistake on her part. He got a bit quiet and changed the subject. 

I got a phone call from my sister the next day furious that I'd told him and accusing me of trying to poison her not only against her but agaisnt the rest of the family too by "pretending they're bad people" and "making up false homophobia accusations". I explained to her that I didn't tell him anything but the truth because he asked and I think he's old enough to deserve honesty. She just kept yelling at me for dragging up the past and being a bad influence and has effectively banned me from hanging out with my nephew. I'm crushed because obviously I love the kid. Did I do the wrong thing? Should I have lied or refused to talk about it or lied to him or something?My mom and I bought a duplex for me to manage and live in during my years in college. Bought the house in 2018, I moved in the summer of 2019. We installed a ring video security system, along with a front yard doorbell and backyard video floodlights.

When I moved in, there were a ton of branches and limbs by my neighbors fence. That was odd since we only had one medium-sized tree, nearly ten feet from the fence.

Later that summer, the backyard ring camera caught the neighbor throwing branches over. We realized that that is where the huge pile came from.

Halloween came around and my roommate and I decided to throw a party on Friday, November 1st. We tried to talk to Ms. Stick thrower, but they were not home during our three attempts. We left a note explaining it, along with our names and numbers.

The party was 30+ people coming and going, along with music and a beerpong table in the backyard. Cops were (rightfully) called at 11:45PM; we shut it down.

The 4th, I was in class and got a front doorbell notification. It was Ms. Stick thrower pulling up my decorative styrofoam tombstones and throwing them behind my bushes. When I got home I saw that one was broken. 

My roommate and I decided to call the non-emergency line about this, because obviously she had no respect for us, and this is the south so anyone could have a gun.

A cop came out, we showed her everything, and we went to talk to the neighbor. Her fiancee opened the door, claimed she was not home despite her car being there.

Anyways, time went on and I noticed that she came into our backyard via a gate, which was deep in my backyard. This freaked me out, as video showed her smoking and wandering around my backyard. I put a carabiner on the gate to keep her out.

End of November, I come home and see these huge limbs flying over the fence. I get out, confront her, we argue, and she claims that she owns two feet of my backyard. She ends the conversation with "Do you want to make these next four years a living hell?" 

Called the non-emergency number, and once again she hid from the cops. I found out that she is a professor at my university. 

I emailed the dean of students, told him everything and provided proof. Their resources were useless, and I am beyond fed up. Cops say they can't do anything, despite video evidence and four no trespassing signs. I want her to stop.

We got a survey done, and she does NOT own two feet into my backyard.

I have edited together a video montage of her throwing limbs, branches, sticks, rocks, and cigarettes together, along with her trespassing in my backyard.

WIBTA if I posted this video online with the caption "University Professor's Actions"?

Edit: I have spoken to my mom and we just sent an email, entailing all the details plus video, to her Dean. Also, I posted to legal advice.

Edit: Wow, okay, really did not expect this to get so much traction. I appreciate everyone's advice, and I plan on making many calls tomorrow. The Dean's office reopens tomorrow as well, so I might hear back from them then. Not sure whats going on with my legal post, I'll try to fix it. There is also NO TREES/BRANCHES HANGING OVER THE FENCE. She is throwing branches from her yard into mine. In the beginning, I threw the branches back over, but they would magically appear with even more. So I gave up.

Final Update: Here’s a podcast I went on! https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/aita-being-pissed-that-i-got-peloton-for-my-birthday/id1457999881?i=1000465821291I'm currently working part-time at a restaurant on my university's campus. I mostly work shifts with this one girl, we'll call her 'Anna', who is all for the body-positivity movement. She embraces her body type and regularly posts inspiring quotes or images on her social media accounts. Personally, I have nothing against this at all. I am also in full support of treating and accepting everyone no matter their body type. However, I do believe that everyone should be healthy (eating right, exercising, taking care of their mental health, etc) or at least attempting to be. I don't support those who use the body positivity movement to as a cloak to shield and justify their unhealthy and damaging behaviors.  

However, despite being a "supporter," Anna regularly comments on my body type. For example, I always bring food for my shifts since I personally think the food there is not the healthiest (burgers, fries, more fried food, etc.). Anna will often say things like, "You should eat a burger, you could use a few extra pounds honey!" or "You look skinnier than last week. I told you to stop eating salads everyday haha." She'll sometimes even feign concern for me and ask me in private if I was "struggling with my weight" and then proceed to tell me that I look "way too skinny to be healthy." One time I was changing into my work shirt in the back and Anna saw my stomach and commented that my stomach was starting to "look like a man's." I have no idea what that even means but I doubt it was a compliment.

These hypocritical comments have pissed me off. I enjoy eating healthy and cooking my own meals and I enjoy working out and staying toned. Anna on the other hand gorges herself on the food in our restaurant, drinks about three cans of coke per shift and does not work out. I don't think this is healthy. 

Finally, during yesterday's shift, this guy I kinda like came in to get some food and I was super excited to see him. He turned out to be a bit cold towards me and the whole event was a bit anti-climactic. Oh well. Anna witnessed the whole thing and  after he left, she said, "Maybe he's into curvier girls." I basically blew up at her and called her out for all of her hypocrisy. I asked how she could call herself a supporter of body positivity when she regularly shamed my body. Then I told her that she was unhealthy in many ways (I called her out on her eating habits), bitter and jealous of others who are in control of their health and bodies, and deluded for believing that she is healthy and fit. 

She called me insecure and told me I was being a rude bitch. It was reaching the end of our shift so I clocked out early and left so I didn't have to argue with her more. I was mad for a bit and told one of my best friends. She said that I was right and all but that I was insensitive in the way I brought it up and suggested that I apologize. I'm standing my ground but want to hear other opinions as well.For the last year I’ve had a rewards card to a local gas station chain that lets me get deals and store coupons. 


About a week ago I went into the store to get a beverage, and swiped my rewards card before swiping my debit, however after the card reader finished processing the rewards card the total due went to 0 and the cashier asked if I wanted a receipt. At this point I figured I had just used a deal I don’t know about, but the next time I went the same thing happened. So the next several times I’ve gone I’ve made around 10 dollar purchases with a variety of different items, and every single time it’s been free.


I’m thinking something is wrong and I should tell someone, but I kinda wanna keep getting free stuff. AITA?

Update: Hi guys

I thought I had the golden ticket, I really did. 

I thought I had the coveted, all expenses paid, lifetime gas station experience moving forward. The rewards card that wouldn’t stop rewarding. Last night I dreamed about all the bags of mixed nuts, the hardest of the boiled eggs, the bottles of old orange juice, the not-so-hot dogs that have been rolling right next to the hispanic egg rolls for the last 6 hours, that were just sitting there waiting for me to get my grubby, stinky little paws on them.


I wanted to ask you fine people if I was the asshole real quick before I went balls deep and pilfered my way through a Midwest convenience store chain. I’ll be honest I didn’t care what people said though. I was high on the fact that I had, more or less, the most power in the entire world.


After I made the post I made my daily trip to indulge in my kingdom, not caring that like 15 people on my post had just been like, “I mean you kinda suck as a person overall like a 0/10 also your ugly and your posture is bad you need to fix that it’s good for your spinal health and overall makes you feel better and more confident, but yeah you shouldn’t steal”


I made my way around the store picking up every possible box of hard boiled eggs, and also grabbed an energy drink cause I was sleepy. And then I went to perform the maneuver. I strode passionately, arms filled to the brim with eggness, to the front counter.

It was a gift card. 


I had completely forgotten my giver of birth had given it to me like 2 months ago, and it had stayed hidden in my wallet until last week in a frantic, anxiety filled search for the rewards card, I found it and my dumb little brain couldn’t read the text that said “gift card” on the bottom.

I’m not going to lie a tear or two fell when the cashier was like “alright weirdo, there was $5.29 left on that, now you owe $43.82.” But I sucked it up and paid, and now all I have is sadness and a fair amount of protein and amino acids at only 77 calories per portion.

TL;DR I thought I had it all but now I just have a lot of eggs.

Update 2: to everyone saying this is a made up story, I can tell you unfortunately it is not. I wouldn’t be able to eggzagerate something like this.So my girlfriend (her 27 me 28) wants to go to this fancy new restaurant in the city that she’s heard good things about. We get there and it seems like one of those hipster places but whatever, I’m hungry. 

I look at the menu and this place is crazy expensive - like every dish is more than $15-$20 and half the ingredients I’ve never heard of. I order the bison steak ($26) and my girlfriend orders some weird pasta, noki I think ($18). Very important, these were listed as ENTREES on the menu. Mind you with drinks plus tip this is going to come out to over $60 which is already ridiculous for dinner for two people.

So anyway we order as we are starving. My steak arrives and I am shocked, it’s like 6 small pieces of sliced steak with some weird sauce on the side and a small handful of salad. I joke to the waiter “where’s the rest of my steak?” and he explains they serve smaller portions at this restaurant because they focus on getting the highest quality ingredients. I don’t care if this bison was blessed by the pope himself it’s absurd to charge that much for such a small bit of steak, it’s highway robbery. When I go to restaurants I expect an entree to fill me up and be enough for leftovers.

I’m complaining to my girlfriend and she’s getting annoyed with me. Similar situation with her pasta it was like maybe 12 pieces of noki dressed up with some frou frou bullshit. Granted the food was pretty good but I can not get over how tiny these portions are. I’m a big guy and I like to eat, what can I say. 

When the waiter comes back I inform him we will not be paying for our meal, and that they are falsely advertising entrees that barely qualify as a light snack. My girlfriend is begging me to stop but that’s where we’re different, I don’t let businesses push me around and rip me off. 

A manager comes and apologizes but asks us to leave. I don’t end up paying as they realized I called them out on their bullshit. My girlfriend is silent the entire time on the way back. Im still hungry so I drive through McDonald’s and get a burger, and when I did that she asked to be dropped off at her place. It’s now the next day and I’m starting to think I didn’t handle the situation as well as I could have (I could have probably just asked for a discount). My girlfriend hasn’t responded to my texts so now I’m starting to think I’m an asshole.

Am I the asshole?I've been a lurker on this subreddit for a while, and as its been getting bigger, I've been noticing a trend in what's being posted. OP was wronged, probably unintentionally, and had a poor reaction. Their friends are saying it was over the top, mom is mad, the bystanders are upset, etc... are they the asshole? And there is a resounding chorus of NTA! You don't owe anyone anything! Or someone was mean to OP, and they were mean back, and their friends say they shouldn't have been. AITA?  No! They were rude so you get to be as well! 

I dont think either of these really reflect how people should be engaging with others. Sometimes we do things in the moment when we're upset or hurt we wouldn't do otherwise. These reactions are understandable. But just because its understandable doesn't mean OP can't be the asshole. 

Being wronged doesnt give you a free pass to do whatever you want without apology. People make mistakes, and people can be thoughtless or unkind.  It is possible to react to that in a way that is unnecessarily cruel or overblown. "They started it" didn't work in kindergarten and it shouldn't now. 

This sub isn't "was this person in the wrong to do this to me" its "am I the asshole."  ESH exists. NAH exists. "NTA, but you should still apologize/try better next time" exists. Let's all try and be a little more nuanced&empathetic.Saw another post that reminded me of this situation.

A few years ago, my close childhood friend gave birth to triplets. Her husband is a light black man. Of the three, two were the same skin tone as her husband, and the third was much darker. The skin tones made me a little suspicious that her husband might not be the father.

I pulled her aside privately and asked her seriously if her husband was the father. She didn’t even listen or answer rationally, she just freaked out at me and acted super insulted and kicked me out. I reached out to her husband and told him about her reaction and told him he should get a paternity test and he called me an asshole and blocked me. Neither has spoken to me since.

I’ve always thought that they dramatically over reacted and were probably hiding something because of their responses, but they’re still married and sometimes I feel bad about what happened. I just felt a lot of empathy for her husband because I would be devastated if I wasn’t confident that I was the father of my future children. Was I an asshole for asking privately?

Edit- okay I get it I’m an asshole. I want to make it clear that I didn’t think the triplets had different fathers. I’m not an idiot. I thought it was possible, given the skin tone of the third triplet, that all three were fathered by a darker man and the first two were a bit lighter because my friend was very fairSo I had an overwhelming response to my post about asking if I was TA for kicking a girl out of my bridal party for being sensitive about dresses, and I got a lot of NTA/ESH, and I could see both sides, understood that I could have handled it better, and I was glad to see that a lot of people also believed that Joy was being “a lot to handle”. Anyways, I decided to take your advice, and here’s an update on the situation, for anyone that’s interested!

So after reading a ton of your comments, I decided to call Joy and invite her over to talk. Luckily, she said yes (by the way, before this, she didn’t say she didn’t want to be at my wedding, so she was still planning on becoming a guest), and I apologized for kicking her out with no warning, but I laid out my frustrations. She apologized for being really picky about the dress and realized that the attention wasn’t going to be on her and it wasn’t her day, so it wasn’t really appropriate for her to get upset over fine details on a dress. She also revealed to me that this was going to be her first time being a bridesmaid (she doesn’t usually wear dresses, she’s more of a leggings and sweatshirt type of girl). I took some of your guys’ advice again and asked Joy to show me a couple of dresses online she would be comfortable with (didn’t matter what color, I just wanted to see her style), and she searched for about 10 minutes and couldn’t find one that she “loved”. She kind of looked bummed and a little apologetic, so I came up with a plan. The official dress shopping day for the bridesmaids was the next day, and I invited Joy to go with us, to get a feel for the dresses, to see if she would be comfortable. She agreed.

So the next day, my girls and I met up at a dress place, tried on a couple of dresses, and Joy didn’t really like them, even though my other bridesmaids did. Finally, we tried on the 4th dress, which was THE one. The girls fell in LOVE with it, and I looked at joy and she was staring at herself in the mirror, but she had a smile on her face! :) I came up to her and told her again I didn’t mind if she wore a shawl or cover up for some moments, and she nodded and smiled again. Actually one of my bridesmaids (who didn’t really know about the situation) came up to joy and told her how gorgeous she looked in the dress. I’m not gonna lie, I shed a couple of tears because they all looked so beautiful.

So we found a dress that was matching and all the girls were happy with, and Joy is back in the bridal party. Hope that this was a happy ending that everyone enjoyed :) Now for me, I have to go to plan other parts of the wedding with my fiancé:)

Edit: I couldn’t find the actual dress, but I did find something very similar online.

https://www.kleinfeldbridalparty.com/shop/dresses/viewitem-KL2160586?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIn8nqwo-q5wIVWgOzAB3N9wO6EAkYASABEgJuE_D_Bw

Edit 2: and thank you guys for all the rewards!! <3. I just wanted to say that a little bit of communication can go a long way. I will admit that I was very stressed when helping my bridesmaids with the dresses, but having a simple conversation saved my friendship and my bridal party! I’m so happy :)Yes I'm aware that my cousin posted here and oh the irony as i showed her this sub last year, but I really don't care if she sees this,  maybe it'll hammer the point home. 
And I doubt she will see it as they are currently on their pre wedding honeymoon, legit didn't even know those were a thing. 
So Amy is getting married,  she has a blue and green and purple theme for the wedding. 
People are supposed to wear these colours including the moh and the bridesmaids. 
What irked me about that post was that my hair is NOT FLAMING MERIDA RED.
maybe slightly more [ginger] (https://ibb.co/w4yrCCk) in low light
This whole thing is completely insane to me and I have no idea where it has come from.

My [hair](https://ibb.co/y4dKsCZ) [2]
(https://ibb.co/3BVPgBf) [3](https://ibb.co/MD1V7NH) is what i would describe as strawberry blonde, maybe ginger blonde. 
Those are actual picture's of my hair not some poor stranger's instagram.
Things have been awkward from the start with Amy demanding that everyone has to stick to this dress code or they will be barred by security at the damn door.
She has also asked anyone with hair past their waist to cut it in a Facebook post but it got no replies and I can't think of anyone except me and maybe my sister with suoer long hair.
My mum and dad are both way more ginger than me and my sister who is 8 months pregnants hair is not much shorter than mine and is super ginger, and Amy never asked her to touch her hair? if anything I got the dull hair geane.

At first Amy called up to tell me she had made a post here,  I took a look and had to laugh to be honest,  She linked me early on clealry thinking people would agree with her but she said she was worried because it blew up. 

After things went south she decided to try and "negotiate" with me, still completely bizzare as my hair is not merida red.
My mum and dad called round a few days back to talk about it but got absolutely nowhere with her as she's still insisting i dye my hair a dark brown for the day or get a wig. 

My aunt,  Amy's mom called to apologise to me and asked me to please come but I don't feel welcome, can you imagine attending a wedding where the bride stares daggers at you the whole time? and what if the security refuse to let me in. 
[these](https://www.frenchnovelty.com/sean-couture-peacock-corset-back-ball-gown-prom-dress-70567) are extremely similar to the gowns the bridesmaids are going to wear, I've tired mine on and it absolutely dose not clash at all.
I brought and paid for my dress so I don't owe her anything but our families are so upset that I'm dropping out. 
But if I go I have no choice except to dye my hair as there never was a compromise or middle ground,  it was dye it,  buy a short brown bob wig or don't come. 
She specified it has to be a short brown bob wig for some reason.

WIBTA if I just say fuck it and stay home.
EDIT  also to be fair i dyed a small strand underneath to test how it washed out 4 weeks ago, it is STILL DARK BROWN My husband and I don't want kids. My MIL is big into family in the traditional sense. She has been pushy with us about having kids since we got married. Literally the week after we got engaged, she started asking.

My husband has always changed the subject, and has even told her that it's really none of her business. Every time we see her, she asks. Everything we do is built around the idea of use having kids. 3 years into our marriage, my husband said "We might not even have kids" and MIL would *not*hear it. At year 4, husband had a vasectomy and I had a tubal.

So this weekend we were all at their home enjoying some BBQ and drinks and everything. When I get up to grab a beer, my MIL asks me if maybe I should drink water instead, because wink wink nudge nudge, you never know.

I was annoyed by this and said "There's really no chance."

MIL, all wide-grin, said, "Oh come on! It's time for you two to finally get serious! Put down the beer and tell us when we can finally expect you two to finally make your family official!"

I said "We've been official for about 5 years now, MIL," and drink the beer. Husband laughs with me.

MIL gets more annoyed and says "Well, you won't be REAL (Lastnames) until you bless us with babies!"

Husband said, "Mom, enough." MIL pushed again. Husband repeated.

After about fifteen minutes of the usual comments, I finally snapped and said "MIL, Husband got snipped. I had my tubes tied. We're not having kids. You need to stop bringing it up. Period."

Well, I thought I started WWIII. She started crying and stormed off. Family looked at us with disgust and stormed off to comfort her. We left. Party kinda ended. The social media bullshit started shortly after. Vague posts, links about how motherhood is a woman's greatest calling, listicles about how unhappy childless women are, etc. Some meme about how "I guess I wasn't a good enough mother and won't be graduating to grandmother." It's obnoxious to the point that I just muted all of them.

My MIL finally called me this morning and told me that she was willing to put this all behind us if Husband and I came over and listened to her reasons that we really "need" to have kids. I told her no, that we are tired of her pushing this on us, and then she said "Well then, I guess you two aren't prepared to be REAL (Lastname)s. I'd like a refund for what we paid for the wedding." (It wasn't that much. It was like $400 for the rehearsal dinner.)

I hung up on her. When recounting this to my friends, a few of them said that I was the asshole here for dropping it like that. But I don't think she was ever going to drop it if I didn't finally make a serious, direct comment about it. So AITA?I hate flying to the point that I will gladly drove 10-15 hours to avoid a 4 hour flight. It's not that I'm scared of flying, I just hate everything from the security theater to the cramped seats that leave me sore for days.

So I only fly if I can buy a second seat (or third if I'm flying with my wife). It lets me stretch my legs out if needed, not feel trapped mentally, and not sit next to annoying people etc. Also a second seat is almost always cheaper than business/first class AND for some reason they refund you if the flight isn't full. I'm a big guy but I 100% don't need two seats, gate agents are constantly baffled and one even said "you're not nearly big enough to need 2 seats".

On multiple flights I've had to argue with flight attendants and randoms that no I bought the second seat, and if they oversold the flight/some 400 lb guy didn't buy the second seat he needs and is killing his seatmate it's not my problem. 

AITA for never backing down in this scenario that has happened 6-7 times at this point? If I was willing to fly with one seat I wouldn't have bought a second seat.

Note - I do not take two seats on the train/bus EVER. They are way more comfortable and you can stand whenever etc so I don't feel cramped and trapped like on a plane.Two days ago, I was on a long-haul flight. I was sitting in an aisle seat. Since I haven't seen Games of Thrones yet, I was looking forward to binge watch the first season. I made myself comfortable and set up my tablet. An hour or two into watching, the woman two rows behind me tipped on my shoulder and told me that I need to turn it off immediately. A little bit confused, I asked why. She told me that her young son could see the show playing on my tablet and it's totally not suited for such young children because of the sex and violence involved in it. While I agree with that, I told her that I'm not going to turn it off. She then basically told me that I am an asshole for not considering other people around me. Is she right?

&#x200B;

Edit: I want to clarify a few things that were mentioned in the comments:

\- I was wearing headphones all the time.

\- It was a flight with Swiss from Europe to a city in the United States. The in-flight entertainment system offered various movies and tv shows that were also not suited for children. However I have to admit that probably none was as bad as GoT. However, none of these shows was censored as far as I can tell.

\- I'm not sure exactly where (aisle, middle or window) the kid was sitting since it was behind me and I think they switched seats frequently.
I'm in high school, we had a final presentation before winter break, and we had judges from the community come in to reward the best presentations. Like not actual court room judges, just people who were involved in stuff locally. The prize was some scholarship money for college. 

Our classrooms judge was a mom who in the school board and when we were doing the presentations she was showing really obvious favoritism to her daughter's best friend who i know is tight with that family. I know her presentation wasn't even her own, it was plagarized a lot and not very good, I saw her doing it in the computer lab days earlier.

It was annoying how the "outside judge"kept going back to coo over this one presentation even after everyone had moved on and other people had presented. It was super awkward, like she was praising this one girl after a different kid had just presented?? Like maybe pay attention to the person who's at the podium, not your little favorite??

It was my turn but I'd already seen her phoning it in when watching the last few, playing on her phone even! Not paying attention. I felt like it was pretty obvious she'd already decided who would would win. And that frustrated me, I'd worked really hard on mine and if her behavior is in the last few presentations was gonna continue, I knew she wouldn't even be listening.

So I went up and said "Look, we all know you already know who you're gonna give the prize to, we've all seen you play on your phone and ignore everyone who came after your daughters best friend, so can we just cut the crap and go home? I'm not gonna stand up here and give a presentation to someone who's disrespecting our efforts and playing on their phone when anyone who's not a friend of your family is talking."

She sure paid attention then, and went to talk to my teacher in a whisper. My teacher sent me to the principal's office. 

The girl I expected to win, won... No surprise there. But I felt good I'd at least said something. A bunch of my friends in class said I was totally right when I called out that BS, and we all knew it, I wasn't saying anything we didn't all see.

My principal kept telling me that it didn't seem like I was taking my college apps seriously and I said that I didn't think I'd be going to college, I got stuck with debt already and I'm gonna need a job right away this spring. Anyway I got detention

AITA for saying what I did instead of doing my final presentation for the project?

Edit - I just found out that the girl who got the scholarship money decided to decline it and give it to the student who had the best grade in the class. I don't know if it was because I called stuff out and she felt guilty, but I think it might be.Today I dropped my dog off to get neutered. He's a six-month Goldendoodle. This was part of a "puppy package" of care, which covered all necessary shots and wellness checks, and culminates with neutering and microchipping. I came back a few hours later to pick him up. While receiving the aftercare instructions, I was informed that they pulled a few of my dog's teeth by the vet tech (VT). Our conversation went something like this:

VT: The only thing not covered by the puppy package is $20 for the two teeth we removed while he was under anesthesia, so if we can settle this up...

Me: Excuse me, you removed teeth? He was here for neutering.

VT: His two canines were starting to come in but the baby teeth were not loose so we removed them. It's very standard and what the vet regularly recommends.

Me: Well, you did more than recommend it - you went ahead and did it.

\*silence\*

VT: I'll be right back.

...now it's important to note that I don't care about the $20 charge. Had I been contacted and told that they recommended this, I would have OF COURSE went with the vet's recommendation! But come on, at least act like I'm involved in the process rather than making me feel like I'm being suckered into a forced up-sell situation. A few minutes later, she came back...

VT: I spoke with the doctor and we are going to discount the $20 since we did not consult you first.

Me: It's not about the $20. I'm more concerned about the fact that I came here for one procedure, and without any conversation or discussion, you expanded the scope of the visit to include tooth extraction.

VT: It was necessary. If we were to have done it at a separate visit, it would have been $250.

Me: I'm not concerned about the money if it's necessary. I'm concerned about not knowing about it or approving it beforehand.

VT: It's a very routine procedure. We regularly extract teeth while puppies are already under anesthesia.

Me: If it's so routine and done so regularly, why was it not discussed at one of the many prior visits or even this morning?

VT: You know if we didn't extract the teeth, it could have lead to issues with alignment, bacteria, and other complications.

Me: I'm not debating whether the extraction was necessary. I'm upset that I was not consulted first.

VT: I'll be right back.

...this time she brought my puppy back with her. I thanked her and left. To be clear, I was not trying to be rude, difficult, or cheap in any way. But I got into the car with my poor sedated pup feeling like I was being rude, difficult, and cheap. I spoke with a few coworkers after I got back to my office, but I could use some other opinions as well. So, AITA for being peeved about surprise tooth extractions during neutering?

&#x200B;

\*edit: this has, obviously, gotten way bigger than I had ever thought it would. To anybody that posted on here to vent their spleen and then hit the front page, you know what I mean... that being said, I wanted to offer a few points of clarification because I've seen quite a theme in the comments:

1. Most important of all: my puppy is snoozing next to me and seems to be in overall good shape - for that, I'm grateful to the vet.
2. It amazes me how many of you post things like "you're obviously NTA, why would you even post this"... scroll the comments and look at some people on the other side. The reason I posted this is that I was conflicted and was wondering what people thought - and wow, you folks did not let me down.
3. I don't plan on talking about who the vet/clinic/hospital is or where it is located. I was not pleased by their customer service, but I am not trying to hurt their business in any way (I will not even post a negative review even though I will be changing providers).
4. I'm not upset about the fact that they made a decision that they thought was necessary. I'm upset that they could not explain that decision, or perhaps felt it was unnecessary to explain to me. Please keep in mind that I'm not a vet. I went to school for history and business. If someone had explained things to me, I might have quickly calmed down and the situation deescalated. This would have been best handled, in my opinion, had the vet came to speak to me.
5. For the men that are messaging me thinking I am a woman: I'm not.

To maybe lighten the mood a little bit, how about a laugh at how silly a Goldendoodle's shaved arm looks? [https://imgur.com/Zh8hBQ8](https://imgur.com/Zh8hBQ8)[UPDATE](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ca82iu/update_aita_for_going_to_my_sisters_dream_school/)

So, I got into Cornell last week. Honestly I think it was fluke. I’m not smart, at all. I got a 28 ACT, a decent GPA (because my school grade inflates considerably). I had some decent extracurriculars but nothing remotely competitive enough to get me to a school like Cornell. But anyways...

My twin sister is the opposite of me. She’s a GENIUS, she has way more impressive stats (34 ACT and she only took it once, compared to my 3 times), she has way better grades, way cooler extracurriculars. Everyone always looked up to her as the smart one. I didn’t and still don’t mind, it’s true. The only reason I can fathom I got in and she didn’t is that she applied to the engineering college while I applied to Arts and Sciences (I don’t know if too many of you guys are familiar with Cornell, but they have a bunch of different colleges you can apply to, each with their different admission criteria). 

Well last week, decisions for ivies came out.  Unfortunately for my sister, she didn’t get into a single one, including her first choice (Cornell). She checked as SOON as it was available and called me bawling. I consoled her and told her everything was going to be okay, that who cares what school you go to, that she was brilliant and was going to be successful no matter where she goes. 

Well anyways, I pretty much resolved that I was getting rejected, so I didn’t even bother to look at my email until later that night. Well, I guess surprises do happen sometime, because I’m a Cornellian. I got in. I just don’t know how but I did. 

I really want to go guys. But this would devastate my sister. All week she’s been crying and solemn and sad. She’s been angry at her friends who got into top schools (especially the ones with lower stats).  She’s decided to go to NYU, but she just hasn’t been herself. I haven’t told our parents (I think they assumed I didn’t get in because she didn’t). 

Am I being selfish? Should I just go with her to NYC? We always thought we were going to school together but like... it’s Cornell. I couldn’t in a million years imagine I’d get in. I’ve been researching obsessively about it and I can’t shake the desire that if I don’t go, I’ll regret it. Ithaca looks beautiful, it’s a small town (which I would LOVE to get away with from the huge city that is New York). It seems like a dream opportunity. 

Am I being a bad sister? I KNOW she would be upset; we were supposed to go to school together. It would crush her. I really don’t have anyone else to talk to :(. AITA for going to her dream school? Especially considering how much harder she’s worked compared to me...

TLDR: dumb sister (me) gets into Cornell. Smart sister didn’t. She’s depressed. It was her first choice. I want to go tho. AITA?

UPDATE: so everyone here told me that I should go, so I decided to tell my sister. 

Well, she started screaming from excitement and got (not actually) mad that how couldn’t I tell her earlier and she’s so proud of me

But seconds later, her excitement just turned to....sadness. She went from like super giddy to depressed in like seconds,, and she started bawling. Like uncontrollably bawling. I tried to comfort but she pushed me away and locked herself in our room...

I going to give her some alone time right now and we can talk more about it later.

Update 2: Please let me know if my updates are annoying; I only expected 3-4 comments and didn’t know so many people were interested, so I thought least I could do is update 

So after 5 mins of the previous post, my sister sent me a text. It said:

> I’m sorry for how I reacted; please don’t be mad. I’m so happy for you and your accomplishments. It’s just that after I got rejected, I at least had the consolation that I get to go to school with you and we can go together. But now you’re going to be where I wanted to be and I’m just so sad. I worked so hard and did everything I could to go to the best school I can and I just feel like all my hard work was just wasted effort. I’m sorry I’m ranting I just need more time

I’m not going to lie guys, when I read this, I cried. A lot of you are saying that I obviously I have to have attributes that made me desiresble but I really don’t. I don’t deserve my acceptance. I did my homework between classes, barely studied for anything, took the easiest AP classes available, etc. Meanwhile I see my sister always taking the hardest classes, studying as hard as she can, always volunteering. She deserves it, not me, and seeing her so hurt pains me. I’m really strongly just considering going to NYU with her. Everyone at Cornell will just be just like her and I don’t stand a chance. And I know if I go to Cornell, we’re going to drift apart which would suck because we’re best friends and I just don’t want to lose my sister :(

Update 3: So I told my parents and they did NOT react how I would've expected them to. First, they tried to insist that Cornell made a mistake between our applications (which would be IMPOSSIBLE; if we applied to the same school within Cornell, like we both applied to Arts and Sciences, then it would be somewhat probable, but we applied to different schools with different admission committees. They couldn't have mixed them up). 

Then they went on to explain how I should go to NYU with my sister. I thought it was strange, because they definitely would've supported my sister going to Cornell if I didn't get in. My sister apparently thought so too, because she asked why would I not go to Cornell, and they said how it was unfair that I basically slacked off in high school and was able to go, when my sister was the hardworking one who busted her ass all of school. I don't know if I'm being dramatic, but that hurt. I knew they always thought my sister was the smarter one (they've made it clear multiple times), but to hear them say that I don't deserve my spot sucks. Even though they're probably right.

I stood there in silence, but my sister stood up for me. She asked them how could they say something so cruel to their daughter, that I 100% have every right to be there, and that they should apologize for being so rude. My parents were SHOCKED because we're both very passive people, and neither of us ever talked to them like that before. This started an argument and long story short, we're currently in our rooms. I'm just so thankful to have her stand up for me. I realize that I have internalized a lot of the comments they've made over the years. I'm glad I have my sister actually believe in me.

I still don't know if I want to go to NYU or Cornell, mostly because I just don't want to go to school without her. She's my best friend, and going 4 years without someone who just thinks so positively about you just seems so long. At the end of the day, I ALWAYS thought the NYU was going to be the school I was going to, so I wouldn't lose much by choosing it over Cornell. I'm going to talk about it more with my sister and look into both schools more. Thanks again everybody for your comments; I wouldn't have realize how important of a person my sister is if you guys didn't give me the courage to tell her that I got in.

Update 3.5: No new news but I just wanted to say that I'm reading every single comment and I apologize if I don't get to you individually and I appreciate everyone's overwhelming support! You guys are amazing :)For the past month my 24 year old niece has been living with us. I'll call her Princess because that's what her parents call her most of the time. She is a medical researcher (Studied medicine but wasn't interested in the practical side of things more interested in the theoretical) and took up a position near where we live, and my sister convinced me to let her stay so she can save money. I was apprehensive because I know this girl has been coddled and babied since she was little. 

We have a 4 bedroom house. Me and my husband, my son (16), my daughter (21) and our 4 year old rottweiler Freddie. I told sister that Princess would have to sleep on the sofa in the living room which she seemed OK with, but when she arrived both mother and daughter set about trying to convince me to clear out the dog's room and let her sleep in it. Princess even said it would be OK to make him sleep outside because ''it's just a dog''. It's getting a lot colder now and I'd never let Freddie sleep outside. 

I told Princess that this is where she'd sleep, take it or leave it, and she was and still is really sulky about it, sulking about how we think a dog is more important than her. 

In all honesty I was right in thinking having Princess stay is more trouble than it's worth. She goes out clubbing and partying a lot and makes no effort to keep the noise down when she comes home in the early hours of the morning. Since she's arrived the living room smells of weed and that smell definitely wasn't there before she came. 

She's also rude to my kids. My daughter got engaged and we were all delighted, but Princess was lovely enough to say that if her BF had gotten her a ''cheap'' ring like that she wouldn't even get out of bed for the wedding. Daughter was in tears because of this and both husband and I had a word with Princess, who then cried and phoned up her mother saying we were rude to her. 

Had another phone call with sister today, and she still tried to convince me to put her daughter in the dog's room. I made clear this wasn't happening and sister got upset with me saying how nasty it was to value pets over family. I also said that her daughter was skating thin ice and that I wouldn't tolerate her behaviour for much longer. Sister was very offended and said we should be happy to have her daughter there. Sorry but how can I be happy to have a spoiled overgrown child who keeps trying to steal a room from a dog in my home?

EDIT: A lot of replies here who don't seem to understand the situation. I won't say too much as apparently arguing gets you banned from here. Firstly to the people who have claimed I was acting snobby about Princess's job. That wasn't the case. I wasn't saying that she was more interested in the theoretical side of things so that I could say she's ''only a researcher''. On the contrary, I specifically mentioned that she studied medicine so that people understood that she had a well paid job in a selective intellectual field and wasn't some lab assistant or something like that. She earns enough that she could afford a place of her own if she wanted. She just wanted more money to herself. 

Also, the people who claim that I was being nasty to her because I didn't like her and things like that. I don't dislike her at all. I was apprehensive about having her because having known her since she was born, I've seen many of her tantrums and seen her parents give in to them over and over again even into her adulthood. I was worried about how things would turn out since we wouldn't give into her demands. She has tried to pick on both my children when she was a teenager and we went through a period a few years back when my daughter refused to visit their home because Princess constantly bullied her. 

Regarding the dog's room. There isn't any furniture in Freddie's room that a 24 year old woman could comfortably sleep on, and we weren't about to go and buy furniture since we didn't know how long she'd be staying. 

And for those who think I was trying my best to make her uncomfortable, not at all. We tried our best to make her feel welcome. Gave her as much space as she wanted and left the living room whenever she needed privacy. We gave her food and while she brought more than enough clothes for home, I went clothes shopping with her and was happy to pay out of my own pocket. Within her first week here, Princess couldn't stop laughing when my daughter told her what she did for a living (hairdresser), said that Freddie should sleep outside and shouted at my husband because he hadn't cooked dinner quick enough, so you can't blame all this on me. 

Regarding the weed and clubbing thing: I've nothing against weed use. I smoked it a few times as a teenager, as did my husband, and I'm 99% sure my kids have both done it at some point, but that fact is it's completely illegal in this country. If she was doing it away from the house I would not care at all. I wouldn't even have too much of a problem if she was smoking it outside, but it is obvious from the strong smell that she is smoking it in the house. I'm well aware that going out clubbing and making noise is what most people her age do. However, this particular 24 year old doesn't bother to take her high heels off when she comes in, and as we have a wooden floor we can hear her stomping around in them which wakes us all up. 

Last but not least, I didn't call her ''Princess'' on here offensively. I wasn't going to put her real name on here obviously, and the fact is her parents genuinely do nickname her Princess most of the time, and she doesn't mind it when they call her it.My sister is a stay at home wife, no kids for now. Her and her husband had been discussing getting a house keeper to help clean the windows and bathrooms since she said it took a long time.  I was visiting last weekend and she brought it up to me and seemed very happy. Out of pure curiosity, and since i clean my house by myself being unwed, i asked her how long it took to do that since it didnt take me too long. She got defensive and upset, which i wasn't expecting. She said i should try cleaning her two bathrooms(toilets and showers), and windows so I can see how long it takes her if I want to know so badly. So, I did. I got out the scrubbing bubbles, the toilet and shower brush. Sprayed down the shower and toilets with it. Then went and sprayed and cleaned the windows. went back scrubbed the toilets and showers. about half an hour later I was done. I guess she made it seem like to her husband that it took her hours to do what I did in half an hour.  She once again got very mad, started yelling until she let out that "fine I lied about how long it takes because I HATE cleaning those!" to no surprise her husband got mad then. he said if she had been honest about just not wanting to clean those that would have been fine but the fact that she lied about it gave him pause and he said he w as gonna re-think hiring someone if she thinks she can lie to get what she wants.

&#x200B;

I noped out of there fast as I could. I didnt mean to expose a lie, i was just trying to understand my sister more. WITAH? 

My original posting: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c6lmmh/aita\_for\_telling\_my\_disabled\_son\_and\_his\_partner](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c6lmmh/aita_for_telling_my_disabled_son_and_his_partner)

My son has moved back in with me last weekend.

The older man had apparently stopped working and was drinking heavily and being very loud and critical of my son.

I got a phone call from my son on Saturday with him in tears and asked me to help him.

I jumped into my car and brought him home. I also yelled at the man and told him I'm calling the cops.

I then called an officer I knew to accompany us back to the apartment so we could get his stuff.

When we got there it looked like the man had moved out in a hurry.

So while the locks get changed by the wonderful landlord, my son is back home with me.

I'm happy he is rid of that predator but I'm extremely sad my son felt he had to get companionship from a man like that.

I have setup therapy appointments that my son will actually be attending now.

I hope with all my heart he can find the happiness he is looking for.

Thank you to everyone for telling me I wasn't completely crazy.My son started second grade last week. I get the kids ready for school while my wife sleeps (she's got a graveyard shift). 

He's got a twin sister. I told them both it was time to get ready for school and his twin sister pulled a bunch of dresses out of her closet. My son picked one up and said "I want to wear this." I'm thinking, whatever dude, we're running late just put some kind of clothes on and let's get out the door. I'm pretty politically neutral so while I wouldn't say I was particularly happy he wanted to wear a dress, it also wasn't nearly as upsetting to me as the idea that I could be late for work if we didn't get out the door. 

I figured ok, I wouldn't ever tell my daughter not to do something because it wasn't ladylike so I shouldn't tell my son not to do something because it isn't manly. 

I drop him off and get to work. Three hours later we get a call to come pick up our son because his outfit is distracting to the other kids and he's being bullied. He was very sad when my wife got there and the whole morning had been upsetting for him. 

My wife is irate asking how I couldn't have realized that was inappropriate and I was setting our son up to fail. So is just about everyone else I've run this by. My wife thinks damage has been permanently done because he'll be in the same school system as these kids the rest of his life and he'll be known as "the one who wore a dress" and I was being thoughtless or willfully ignorant because I was in a rush and our son suffered for it. 

At the time, I truly didn't think it was that big a deal, but that doesn't change that I put my son in harm's way so now I'm not sure whether I made the wrong decision or not or how to feel about it. AITAMy parents divorced ten years ago, my father initiated it. He was seeing someone else and wanted to see if the grass was greener on the other side. I neither am for or against his reasoning but I was against how he treated my mother after they finalized their separation. One key event that stands out is in deliberating how assets (or rather, debt) was divided, my father promised my mother that he'd still around, still be in her life, even be friends, and see if they could rekindle their marriage, but only if my mother took every penny of debt. My mother was naive to agree to it, because once the divorce was finalized, my father was on a plane in a matter of days, off to live his new life. It should be obvious that none of us were happy with my father, and I've been no contact the entire time.

My mother passed three weeks ago. She is survived by my two siblings and I. I was in charge of the funeral. I knew some of my cousins on my mother's side blamed my mother for their divorce and actively stayed in touch with my father. Imagine that, my mother's family took my father's side in all of this. I also knew there would be a nonzero chance my father would show up, and if he did, it would not be to pay his respects. So I hired security for the funeral and church service.

Long story short, my father and his new wife showed up. They were barred entry. One of my aunts got very upset and caused a scene and let slip her daughter, my cousin, invited him. So I had security escort my cousin out of the funeral, too. This event has caused a rift between families, or at least embiggened the one already there. A few of my aunts and a lot of my cousin think I went overboard, some even removing me from Facebook.

Was I the asshole in this situation? For what it's worth, I was not super close to those who were ejected from the funeral, nor the ones who caused a fuss. I can live a happy life having zero contact with them again, so I've lost nothing. I'm still no contact with my father (who flew out for the funeral).

edit: I appreciate the awards but this is a throwaway account. Why award a throwaway with anything?

There's nothing I'm really hiding here. I was the one who knew about the affair because my father left his e-mail open at home when he went off to work, and me being an immature teen decided to snoop. In them, his mistress-now-wife tried to convince him of fantasy things my mother did and tried to turn him against her. Things like she would ask my dad something my mother did to him that was maybe insignificant at the time and twisted it around so it became a bigger deal.

Like one instance is when I was much younger, my mother went to bingo without telling him. My dad was the sole income maker at the time. My mom won a fair bit of money but my dad was upset she never told him she went beforehand (with his money). Something that was resolved 10 years prior and which was insignificant in the grand scheme of things, she blew it up to bigger than it was. Many such cases like this she blew things up to convince him to leave my mom.

This is why I don't fault my dad for the divorce or separation: I fully blame the other woman. It sucked being 17 at the time but that's life, people get divorced, and it's not my place to get in the middle of my parents' relationship. However, I was upset with his behavior after the fact and the one event I mentioned. 

Much of my mom's extended family are more *traditional* and view divorce as a tragedy no matter the circumstances. They blame my mom for not "trying harder" to keep the marriage together. Once the divorce was finalized, my mother became an outcast to most of her family. This is why a lot of them favored my dad because he convinced my mom that she was why their marriage fell apart. He was a textbook manipulator.I'm a 25 year old guy and my parents were in the process of divorcing when my mother got diagnosed with a terminal illness. After the diagnosis, my father stalled the divorce proceedings. 



My father filed for divorce after 26 years of marriage after he fell in love with his younger business partner. She recently gave birth to his child. 

My mother was a stay at home mom for 25 years who took care of the entire household while my father worked long hours. 

She was blindsided when my father told her about wanting a divorce. He told her that he would always love her as his best friend and as the mother of his 5 children, but he was also in love with this other woman. 

My mother was devastated and stopped eating properly.


 In the middle of the divorce, she was diagnosed with terminal illness and was only given a few months to live. 

All this time, we, her children have looked after her. I took her to her appointments and we paid for the treatment by taking loans. We didn't ask our father for money, even though he was willing to cover the expenses. Legally, at the time of her death she was still married to my father. 

During her last days, my father had to move to another city to be there for his daughter's birth. My uncle made a facebook post asking for blood donation (she has a rare blood type) and stated that she was critical. When my dad got to know about it, he immediately flew down to our city. 

When he showed up to the hospital, he was in a bad shape. His clothes were unkempt. He wanted to see my mother one last time. I told him that there was no use of that as she was unconscious. He begged and cried in front of everyone, I still didn't allow him to meet her. (The hospital authorities let her family decide who was allowed to visit her) 

My mother passed away the next morning. He still didn't leave and wanted to be there for the funeral and memorial service. We banned him from attending.

I believe that he lost the right to see her in her pain when he was the one who caused her immeasurable pain. My buddy tells me that me and (my mother's family) are the assholes for not letting him see her one last time.
 
---------

Edit : I want to make some facts clear -

1) When my father told my mother that he was in love with his business partner and wanted a divorce, the other woman was already pregnant with his child. 


2) I was/am her legal representative (edit : Power of Attorney, to make things clear ). I had the legal right to deny visitors. My mother's entire family supported me in my decision to not let him see her. My grandma wanted the same. My siblings wanted the same.

-------------

Edit 2 :


3) During her last days, when she was in the hospice, she got to a stage where she could no longer communicate verbally. And she never expressed anything about wanting our father there. 

In fact, she didn't mention him at all. 

4) I realize that this means the end of my relationship with our father. I have accepted that and I have no interest in pursuing a future relationship with him, his new woman or his child. My siblings are on the same page.

We have accepted the fact that we have lost two parents forever.

I plan to be there for my younger siblings as their pillar of support.I had a party at my house last night. I have an antique slot machine from the 1940s that is in absolutely spotless and working condition in my living room. My step grandma was a show girl she she got it while dating a count room guy prior to meeting my grandpa.

Over the years people have played it and maybe won a few quarters here and there. Maybe a max of $50 at a time. As far as I know the jackpot was never hit on it so however it works there was probably about $700 in the jackpot reserve that had built up over the years. I’d never bothered to have it cleaned out since it just seemed like a fun novelty. 

Well a friend’s friend hit the jackpot last night. I was fucking floored when he legit thought he could keep my ~$700. His case was hed been playing with his own money and I would have kept his quarters. My argument  was I’d be happy to give him his quarters back if he’d asked but I’m not a casino and while I’m not destitute, I can’t afford to give someone $700. Argument caused the party to wind down and one of my best guy friends basically told the guy he’d be in real shit if he tried to leave with the money but the guy left threatening to come back with the cops and sue me in small claims court. I have no idea if that was realistic but no cops came back. 

So was I the asshole for nor letting him keep the money?

Edit: sorry guys I can't answer such witticisms as "why are you so shity?" because I've been banned.

Edit2: wow since I’m a “baby gangster” who has been running an “illegal gaming operation” (both things that have been said) I might as well just go whole hog and start running guns and pimping underage Andean alpacas to people who would pay for the privilege. I’m really that bad? I just thought I had a cool thing my step grandma got by banging a dude from the count room.

Edit3: gotta address this one directly:

>If this was really last night, give it a week or a month and see how many friends, especially mutual friends, are no longer talking to you. Forget our votes, listen to those. Also forget small claims, you need to worry more about hearing from your state's gambling commission.

If the moderators allow me to update, I will ABSOLUTELY update and tell you how many friends I’ve lost. Almost everyone  (including the friend that brought the “winner” thought he was being a total asshole for the way he was down on his hands and knees scooping up quarters off the floor to put in his pockets. And he was lying about much he put into the machine too (he said $75–who the fuck walks around, nuch less even get $75 in quarters—when going to a party at a strangers house). In addition, I will gladly, gladly call our state gaming commission (AZ) and ask what trouble I might be in. I will also update on that when I can. People CAN’T be this dramatic in real life...I’m a ducking instagram influencer for my job, the phoniest, most vapid, saddest job a person can have right now and I’m still blown away by some of these comments. Call me YTA all you like, but don’t be stupid and claim to have knowledge you don’t  in the process.

Edit4: well I was banned for joking around, other people have bad posts calling me a cunt up for over an hour.  Makes INFO hard but I’ll try to explain my thinking on the money in the machine and why I can’t “afford” to give it to him. 

Say you have a change jar, has $100 in it. Your good friend asks to borrow $25, for parking, you'd say yes right? Another friend says wow, that’s cool I have $1.25 in my pocket, can I donate to your change jar? You’d say yes. Now let’s say a guy you’ve never met says “hey I just put .80 into your change jar, now I’m taking the whole thing.” You would say no. It’s how I’ve always seen the slot machine as huge change jar for all my close friends to use. I’ve given people quarters to play, I’ve taken a quarter here and there from people who wanted to see it work. I’ve taken in maybe $100 over five years. Maybe. That’s a nickel a day. that’s not a freaking illegal gambling operation.


Edit5: a good question:

>INFO Did he explicitly ask if he was allowed to play it, and keep what he wins? If no then he played it without permission, you aren't running a casino.

No he did not, the first time I ever saw or spoke to him was when he was on his hands and knees picking quarters up off the floor slamming them his pockets.  I don't mind if people play it, I even give people quarters to play it (since no one has change anymore) but he did not ask.

Edit6: another good question

>Also, need more info. You stated that other guests have won small jackpots in the past (max $50). Did you let them keep it? If so, why are you making a double-standard here?


I would have let him keep $50-100 (he certainly got away with some in his pockets) but he was such an asshole right away that he didn't give me the chance to come to any sort of deal. Most everyone at the party just wanted him gone. I do feel bad and maybe my guilt over the apparent double standard is why I'm asking here. But I do feel as though had he been even slightly cool and not threaten cops or lawsuits I wouldn't have been backed into a corner.

Edit7: 

>INFO
We need to know where the money came from. Did the money in the machine come from YOU putting it in or playing the machine

So this is all guess work based on what my grandma said the jackpot could hold (there's a window that shows the coins in rhe jackpot, the space behind is about the size of a big shoe box). She said it gets full at $800. It was more than half when she and my grandpa gave it to me, I always guessed $500. In five years it's now 7/8ths full. I play it from to time to time so I'd say $100 of that is mine and $100 is friends. I think the jackpot and normal pay outs come from different boxes so last night was the last night I've ever seen that window empty. I know nothing of the machine or how it works or how to change settings so I may be so wrong and a slot machine "nerd" could correct me if I'm way off base.

Edit8: this is the best yta take so far and I can't let it get buried.

> I really hope you get into some serious legal trouble and then you’ll wish all you lost was several hundred and not thousands including jail time.

Edit9 (at 5:45am, gotta work): you guys are really cracking me up. I love the comments that say "your edits make you YTA! Alone. Where did the money come from btw?"  I truly can accept the YTA votes but so freaking many of them have basic facts wrong.

1. I wasn't profiting off this machine. I've literally never opened it up and taken a single coin out.

2. I can't afford to give a random dude $700. I don't need it now, but I have savings account I don't need it now either but I might some day. And now I've found out that some of the quarters that my grandma had from the 50s or 60s might actually be silver. So good thing I hung onto them right ? (I can't wait for the "you're a stupid thot" rationalizations to come from this one). 

3. I never cleaned it out because honestly I like the way it looked with the coins in the window. This thing is enourmous and built with casino security in mind so it was in fact, a great piggy bank. 

4. Some nice NTAs have suggested I have a bowl of quarters a for people to play. I actually in effect did that because 80% the time people who wanted to play didn't have change (I got it five years ago) so I always had quarters around, maybe just not right by the machine. 

5. As an example, Over the years it's mostly friends kids who want to play. I had a very precocious 9 year old once come over with his $20 of money truly expecting to get the jackpot. He was heartbroken when he didn't win (I might have given it to him since he was so cute) but I gave him a $20 silver certificate my step grandma had given me (acquired ny dubious means no doubt) and that kid was thrilled. so I always, always give people money back if they ask. I never intended to profit off the machine. No one has ever made a big deal of it before (save the 9 year old).

Edit10: this dude wins the comments, for all time:

>I bet u look like jared fogle or some shit

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂


Edit 11: sooooo the plot thickens, thank you to some very helpful people who own slot machines who DM'ed who were also able to suggest experts in my area, I was able to call a local person who works on antique slot machines. My slot machine is highly customized but it's based around a pretty well known model from that era (don't want to say exactly because only a few of them exist anymore) and he said I could tell right away if the machine was broken or had been tampered with. In my very, very, very amateur job of checking it over it does appear that this little piece is either broken or misplaced. So it looks like this piece of shit "guest" actually broke my machine to steal my money. There wasn't a jackpot at all. I don't have confirmation of this until the repair guy is able to come later this week but it looks like that's what happened. The guy said there's an outside chance that if that piece was broken or tampered with that it was an accident but he wouldn't bet on it.  I still don't care if I'm YTA till the cows come home, posting here has probably allowed me to get to the bottom of this. And fuck that guy.


Edit 12: well the amazing and level headed moderators of this sub just ever so politely informed me that I will not be allowed to update this post. So the short story is the "winner" almost certainly was hitting the machine and caused the jackpot to spill out. So had I been a real casino I would have enacted the "malfunction voids all pays and plays" clause. So yeah, I was totally in the right. Fuck this sub. Fuck the moderators. And fuck those of you on your stupid high horse. Most of you however were cool.A few months ago, my brother and now SIL announced their intention to marry. The invitation to the wedding stated "No dress code. Wear whatever is comfortable for you." In hindsight, I think they put that there since the event was at a lake. I didn't think much of the disclaimer at the time because it's a wedding, I should dress respectably for such an occasion, and I have a healthy selection of formal wear in my wardrobe. I chose a beautiful blue 3 piece suit.

Yesterday was the wedding. When I showed up, I noticed everyone was dressed way more casually than I was. I'm talking Polos, many people wearing shorts, only a few people wearing slacks and button down. I did feel a little out of place. My brother was wearing a suit with no tie, and my SIL was wearing a modest white dress. The only comment I got on my attire during the event was a joke from my dad saying I looked like I'm marrying the SIL, but that was it.

A few hours ago, I got a call from SIL. Holy shit, she is pissed at me! She was asking why I dressed like a pimp, I upstaged her and my brother, and I stuck out like a sore thumb on the photos. I referenced the invite, and how she said there was literally no dress code, and I was dressing respectfully. She was going on about how that implicitly meant not formal. I told her that she should've specified "not formal" to leave less interpretation freedom. She asked if I was that retarded. I told her that just because she's family doesn't give her the right to blame a miscommunication on me and call me a retard. I hung up. She spammed my phone with calls, so I blocked her and texted my brother I'll talk to her when she's ready to be less verbally abusive.

Was I in the wrong?

Edit: clarified she said I stuck out on the photos.

Edit 2: My brother said I'm welcome to come over for dinner later. I unblocked her number. No call spam, so that's a good sign.

Edit 3: Had dinner with my brother and SIL earlier. She showed me the pictures, and I can kind of see what she was talking about. I told her I'm sorry for being unaware, and that being unaware was still shitty of me because I did notice I was out of place and I should have tried to do something. She said she was sorry for yelling at me earlier, she's still annoyed about it, but said it would be silly to keep this over my head. So yeah, I don't think we're gonna be on Jerry Springer as far as I can tell.Using a throwaway. Some context; I live in CA, and my wife’s niece wanted to come visit us for a few weeks. She’s 22, I’ve known her since she was 4. Her dad walked out on her family when she was 8. She’s very sheltered by her mother. Anyway, I told my wife it was fine with me if she visits. She’s a good kid, and our 5 year old son loves his cousin and really wanted to see her.

But then my wife goes, “And she (the niece) wants to bring her bf.....he’s 47.”

I’m 41, my wife is 42. I was like “You’re kidding, right?”

She wasn’t kidding. At first, I was like “Hell no.” But after about a week of talking, I gave in....with one caveat. I told my wife that if this dude is staying in our house, I’m going to ask some questions he might not like. She wanted to know what kind of questions, and I gave her some.

1. How did you guys meet and who made the first move? (If the dude made the first move, it’s weird).

2. Has the dude been married, does he have kids?

3. Why are you (the dude) dating such a young woman?

4. Are you (the dude) aware of the young woman’s history with her father? 

5. What’s the end game here? A serious relationship, marriage? Have you (the dude) discussed what will happen if the young woman gets pregnant?

I know, I’m not the girl’s father, but no one else in her family is asking these questions. Her mother is fine with the relationship (which boggles my mind). 

So, fast forward to the visit. Niece and old dude show up. I’m cordial. I wait till evening, after everything is settled and dinner is over, and I invite the dude to join me on the porch for a beer. Just me and him. Then I start asking my questions. 

After only my second question, the guy starts getting defensive. He told me this is “None of my business.” I got a little pissed at that. 

I told him he’s staying in my home for a week, I can ask him a few questions. And the girl is my niece, I’m not out of bounds here. He told me I was making him “uncomfortable”. I replied that I’m uncomfortable having a dude who’s clearly taking advantage of a young girl stay in my home. I said You can answer my questions and act like you’re a stand-up guy, or feel free to hit the fucking road.

Well, he left. My wife and niece were upset with me. They said I acted like a jerk and that if my niece is happy, to let it go. Again, I was told it’s none of my business. They have since broken up, which I am glad about. Not sure if my actions were the cause.

So Am I an asshole for questioning this guy?

EDIT: some info:

I asked my questions in the order written, and only asked him the first two before he got “uncomfortable”.

I would certainly do the same thing with any older woman my son brought home. 

When I took the old dude outside for a beer, I neglected to mention we had 5-10 mins of talk. We discussed the new Star Wars movies of all things.

I would love to discuss more with some of you, but I was a bit hot-headed and appropriately banned for 5 days. So it goes.

Edit 2: Some of you here asked what’s up with my wife and her sister. Her side of the family suffer from innocent naivety and just assuming everyone they meet is a good person. They’re wonderful people who need an asshole like me to keep them centered.

FINAL EDIT: Some of you wondered if I would accept any of the dudes answers to my questions. Of course, all he had to be was respectful and honest in answering and I wouldn’t have a problem. 

Talked to my niece this morning. She and I are totally fine. Knew my actions came from wanting to keep her safe. I apologized for my actions regardless. 

Asked why they broke up.

The guy was cheating on his wife. He confessed it to her and said he would get a divorce for her. Has three kids. All her age or older. She dumped him.My Dad loves to have political arguments/“discussions” with me and other members of the family. I honestly think he does not care about half these issues and just wants to have fights with me and other people in the family. I have tried to simply opt out of them, but my Dad will get upset at me for “not participating with the family dynamic” and “never talking to him.” I also don’t really want him to have these discussions with other members of my family, since they almost always end up in hurt feelings. I’ve been looking for a redirect for a while. 

I read a post online on doubling down whenever someone says a conspiracy theory, for example if someone says “they faked the moon landing” you say “haha, you sucker, you believe the moon is real?” I decided to implement the strategy after getting into way too many political arguments and upsetting myself and everyone around me.

My Dad saw something about climate change and started talking about how the Chinese government partnered with Obama to make it all up. I truly did not want to get into this political discussion. Instead I said, “oh, you’ve heard that, well get this” and discussed my new theory about how the federal government has created a tornado machine to set on people who want to vote Republican in the next election. He was truly flabbergasted at how stupid this was and decided to stop talking to me about this. It was wonderful. I’ve been doing it even more, and I haven’t had a political argument in a whole month. 

This Christmas, he had a doozy planned. My aunt and her wife are feminist and very pro-choice. At the dinner table, he tried to do a toast to the “death of Planned Parenthood.” Let me note that he is pro-choice, really doesn’t care about this issue, and has said so several times. I think he just wanted to start a fight for the sport of it. Time and place! I said, “oh, thank God you mentioned it, I have to tell you this news I learned” and I talked about how Planned Parenthood does not in fact perform abortions, since it’s physically impossible, but instead removes entire uteruses and replaces them with dog uteruses. 

I received a lecture about “not taking people’s political views seriously” from my Mom. I said it was just a strategy I use to diffuse political discussions. My Mom said, “you’re just making yourself look dismissive at best and insane at worst.”My sister is 16 and heavily overweight. She's  5'2 or 5'3 but 170+lbs. She's already pre-diabetic and if she doesn't lose weight pronto she'll have to go on metformin. Diabetes runs in our family (my mom and grandma both have it) and as it is she already has really low energy levels and clumps of her hair is falling out!! I'm really worried about her and have tried to introduce her to various forms of "fun" exercises (like swimming, those weird indoor cycling classes with the EDM and the lights and shit, 30-minute walks, wall climbing) but she absolutely HATED it all. The other thing is, she doesn't eat any fruits or vegetables, except maybe potatoes, and bananas when they're in "acceptable" forms like in chocolate-banana smoothies or in banana bread.

As a last-ditch attempt, a couple of days ago I decided to just take over the family menu and feed her dishes that secretly have vegetables in them. For breakfast I made green smoothies but add lots of (sugar-free) matcha to explain the "green" color and mask the flavors of the fruits and veggies. I make "cheese" sauces out of pumpkin and carrots and flavor them with nutritional yeast. I mix crushed cauliflower into fried rice, etc etc. I have to lie about them because even if it tastes good, if she *knows* there are fruits or veggies she doesn't like in the dish, she'll immediately stop eating it.

It was going well until our mom found out the dishes secretly had vegetables in it. She started this whole argument about how it was "unethical" to lie to my sister about what we were feeding her and it escalated into a yelling match where I told my mom she clearly wasn't worried enough about my sister's health and that she knew nothing about nutrition. (She thinks apple pie is healthy???) My mom has banned me from preparing the meals and is guilt-tripping me for lying, but I really think I was making an honest effort to help? I feel bad for yelling at my mom but I dunno, was I really such an asshole for lying about the vegetables?

**EDIT:** I really didn't expect my post would blow up like this. I just want to emphasize that I'm not a nutritionist or a doctor, I just listen to what the doctor + nutritionist says during the monthly checkups and take that as fact, so thank you so much for pointing several things out. I will try to be more self-informed in the future. I've taken note of her possibly having ARFID, thyroid problems, or PCOS and will try to get my mom to get her to a therapist as well as a doctor, thanks very much for bringing these up. Also, my mom is really hard-headed but she's still trying, I feel bad that I've made such a horrible impression of her. She has type 1 diabetes that she has to manage on top of her job and taking care of us 2 kids so please don't say she's terrible :( Also, everyone asking me for my recipes can check my comments, I made a comment on this post detailing how I did the cheese sauce and stuff. Thank you very much for your suggestions, I really appreciate them.

**EDIT 2**: My mom has type 1 diabetes, my grandma on my dad's side has type 2. According to the doctor my sister is at risk for Type 2 because of her high blood sugar + high cholesterol.Edit: getting a lot of comments about this so thought I’d make an edit. My piercing is NOT a septum which makes the weird insult even more stupid. Septum piercings are usually tagged as “looking like a bull” (I don’t agree with that) but I have my hoop in my nostril.

Here’s how it happened. Every time I see my grandma, she tells me something to the effect of “take that thing out of your nose, you’re ruining a pretty face by putting a hoop in it like a bull.” The last time she said it to me I politely asked her to leave it alone or next time I wouldn’t be so polite. To be fair this is the first time I spoke up because I’m not confrontational but the older I get the more I stand up for myself. And for that matter, I shouldn’t even be asking my grandmother to stop making rude comments about my appearance. 

Fast forward to today at a family get together, she says the same thing. I immediately shot back that maybe she should stop dying her hair red and perming it because she looks like Ronald McDonald. A lot of people are pretty pissed off at me but A) I warned her and asked her to stop and B) she’s insulting my appearance so why is what I said any worse than what she has said to me a million times? I’m usually all about respect and politeness but my nose ring (in my nostril not my septum by the way so the bull comment doesn’t even make sense) does not “ruin” my face and even if it does it’s really not her place. I’m a grown ass woman and I refuse to be bullied by any even older grown ass woman. 

So, was I the asshole?I am STEAMING mad about this and everyone around me is pretending like I'm being a cunt. I'll let you people decide. First, I sew my own clothes. My husband and I live in a very nice house with a HUGE room filled with gorgeous sunlight for my hobbies.

We hosted Thanksgiving. My SIL and her three kids were staying with us, despite that she always treats me like shit for preferring pets over kids.

On Tuesday, as I went to do some last-minute shopping, my SIL texted about a tablecloth for her kids to put down while they did Christmas ornaments. I walked her through the closet with the VERY. CLEARLY. MARKED. TABLECLOTHS.

I got home 3 hours later and checked in on everyone. When I went into the hobby room where everyone was gathered, I saw it. SHE PULLED MY FUCKING ATELIER BRUNETTE FABRIC FROM THE CLOSET. MARKED. FABRIC. This particular style was discontinued several years ago, but I snagged for $25/yard. I had 6 yards. Let me note that fabric is EXPENSIVE and I have always sourced from thrift stores, deep clearance, etc. This was a GIFT to myself.

I fucking screamed "What the hell are you doing?!" and ran to the table. She looked alarmed and acted like she had no idea what she'd done. Her fucking kids spilled all kinds of paint all over the fabric. I told everyone to STOP, put DOWN the crafts, and get OUT.

After I fucking cried over that fabric and tried my best to salvage it, I demanded she replace it, and said how. She argued that she had no way of knowing that "ugly ass" fabric was for something other than a tablecloth, because it didn't look like anything anyone would ever wear seriously. I said I expected 6 yards.

Black Friday she and the girls handed me a JoAnn Fabric bag. They handed me 6 yards of an absolutely hideous Keepsake Calico fabric. Typically $9.99/yard but on sale for $3.99 this weekend.

I asked her if she was being serious, and she said yes, here's 6 yards of ugly ass fabric. I deadpanned "Get the fuck out of my house. Now." and she got very angry and started arguing with me that it's not her fault that I have expensive taste. I told her to leave, now, and not to come back unless she has EQUAL. QUALITY. FABRIC.

Of course I'm being told what an awful, evil person I am because I wouldn't "graciously" accept her insult of shit quality quilting cotton. For those who don't know fabric, this was like presenting someone with a 2001 Honda Civic after crashing their 2020 Maserati.

AITA?

**EDITED AT THE REQUEST OF A POSTER:**  To be very clear, SIL had to go *far* out of her way from where I directed her to grab the fabric. It was not even kept in the same room, let alone closet, as the tablecloths which were CLEARLY marked. There was no reason for her to be IN the fabric closet. The was not an "honest mistake" by ANY stretch of the phrase. When we were on the phone, I directed her SPECIFICALLY to the linen closet. She had to DELIBERATELY go OUT OF HER WAY to grab the fabric.

**SECOND EDIT:**  The linen closet is next to one of the bathrooms, where I directed her. Each shelf is labeled with what they're for, towels, guest towels, bed, guest bed, etc. I said "You see the shelf marked tablecloths? There's one with paint on it. You can use that." The fabric closet is in the master bedroom (NOT the craft room even), and each larger cut of fabric is kept inside of a plastic tub, often times in a vacuuum sealed bag, labeled with the yardage, manufacturer, and fiber content.

**THIRD EDIT:** Several people seem to have a personal issue with my writing style, use of caps, explanation of my large hobby room, etc! These aren't part of the issue, but seem to really upset some of you. I find that very interesting and wonder if it would be the same if it was a man describing his video game dungeon and battle station! I take a lot of pride in coming from a working class background and having a room dedicated to my hobbies. I hope you all get to enjoy a space of your own eventually as well. <3First up please know I am trying my best to be kind in my wording. I run a small operation where I guide groups or help train them to be able to hike. I have served all kinds of clients.

I got an inquiry for a group called "Womens+ Adventures" and because it was during Pride Month, I thought maybe it was an LGBTQ+ group. I chatted with the head of the group, collected the information (hiking levels, what have they done before, etc), and we exchanged money and I started the training plan.

The group wanted to work up to "A 14er" which if you do them, you know there's all kinds. Going off what everyone reported, I decided Gray's Peak. One of the easiest and most rewarding because of the beautiful valley it's in.

When I arrived for our first group hike, I learned "Womens+" meant plus-sized women rather than LGBTQ+. No issue, their forms all said they were in good condition to start.  

The first hike was... awful. It was a short 4 miles round trip, with 750ft elevation gain. Several of them ignored my list of suggestions for attire, footwear, supplies, etc. When we got started hiking, it was very slow. One woman was upset we were starting with something so strenuous and asked for a break every 1/2 mile. One ate all of her snacks after the first break. Lots of complaints of it being too hard, too long, etc. 

After we got back (6 hours later) I pulled the head aside and asked if everyone was truthful on their abilities forms. She insisted it was all true and then got annoyed that I didn't believe them. When I suggested we aim for a smaller goal, she was obviously very offended. I gave them all "homework" which was to make sure to take a brisk 1 hour walk every day to prepare for the next hike. Several of them laughed at me incredulously.

2nd Hike went even worse. I had an 8-week plan in place, and it was obvious to me this wasn't going to work. So I called the head and told her that I thought it was best if I refund the cost pro-rated from the two hikes we did. Well, she threw a huge tantrum and called me all kinds of names, and insinuated that I am fatphobic, I'm mocking them, etc.

Please, PLEASE keep in mind that I have helped train several overweight people, including a pair of women in their 60s who send me pictures all the time of their great adventures. I consider myself to be VERY patient. One of them said they thought we would start with something like a walk in a local park to get us ready to hike in a few weeks. Simply put, they weren't realistic with their expectations. 

I refunded the money and ended contact only to find my Social Media bombarded by hate from all kinds of people. You can guess what I was called. I felt awful and in talking over this with people, several told me I was an asshole for not powering through, that I should have given them THREE chances, that I should have had more patience and understanding that not everyone is a natural athlete.

AITA?Last week, I was using my sister Ashley’s phone because mine was dead and I needed to call a friend to confirm plans. Dialing my friend’s number, I saw a tinder notification of some dude messaging her. Immediately, I asked why she’s on tinder (she’s 17) and she grabbed her phone back and said “none of your business” 

I decided that I wanted to have a little fun with this. I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt (maybe she’s just swiping for fun?) so I didn’t want to go straight to ratting her to our parents. To test if she was just using for fun, I decided I was going to make a tinder profile (of someone else) and message her and see if she responds. I asked a good friend from back in college (who happens to be a male model) Kevin if he’d mind if I used his pictures and explained the situation. He thought it would be hilarious and told me to go for it. 

I created the account, set my age to 22, set my swipe radius to a mile, and quickly found my sister’s account. Her age was set to 19 (lie, she’s still in **high school**) so I was definitely more suspicious of her now. I superliked and less than an hour later, she matched AND messaged me. 

I decided to set up a date to a fancy restaurant downtown for Sunday afternoon and told her we could “head to my place afterwards”. She was completely receptive and said she’d meet me there. She told our parents she was hanging out with one of her track friends and spending the night at her place. 

After she left, I told our parents EVERYTHING and showed them all of the messages. They were pissed, and I suggested we all go to the restaurant. My dad and I just went instead and saw her sitting at a table alone all dolled up waiting for “Jim”. My dad went up to her and said “Jim’s not coming” and she screamed and asked what we were doing there. I told her that there was no Jim and that it was fucking stupid of her to be trying to meet grown men on tinder at her age. My dad harped on to that and lectured her on lying and meeting strange men on the Internet, and being so willing to go back to a *stranger’s* place. We were a bit loud so people were starting to look at us and my sister eventually bursted into tears and ran out. 

I told my friends in a groupchat the situation and they all agreed it was hysterical, except 2 of my female friends who said I was a “fucking dick” and “cruel” to her. My other friends defended me and said she needed to be taught a lesson. Wondering who’s right and if I went too far?

EDIT: Yes, when I asked if she wants to go to my place afterwards, it was heavily implied that she would’ve had sex with Jim. That’s why I went the extent that I did.

Alright after reading all these judgments, I came to the conclusion that I’m TA. But I’m TA she needed. If anything, she knows not to be a complete moron when finding people to hook-up with on tinder. 

And to the people who said she’ll never speak to me again, we just finished playing fifa for the last hour so ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯throwaway, and I will be keeping this is Anonymous as I can, every name will be fake. 

my sister (cas) 25f and her boyfriend (jon) of 3 years 24m broke up last week, I'm good friends with jon and we chat in a discord server often. I assumed it was a mutual breakup and so asked Jon if he was doing ok, he then asked me if I knew the reason they broke up. I said no and he explained that it was because he was bisexual, he even showed me screenshots where it showed how homophobic my sister is, I was shocked and apologized to him. 

the next day I was scrolling through Facebook and noticed my sister had made a post about the breakup, turns out she is claiming that he cheated on her. she must of blocked him so he could not show the actual truth. 

with Jon's permission I posted all the screenshots on my Facebook page. 
 it caused my parents to call me and tell me I have to take the post down as my sister has had over 30 people unfriend her, I've also had messages from my sister that where not so nice. my mum has told me that I'm now ruining my sisters life. 

AITA?

edit 1 
I've seen no proof of my sisters claims besides her word. and from what the screenshots showed she absolutely hated the fact that he was bi and wanted nothing to do with him.I am 19F, have a little brother who is 8, and living with my parents at the moment. I am still studying so I cannot pay rent yet, but I do earn my own pocket money from part-time jobs.


My father's 3 brothers and their family came to our town for a vacation for 3 days over the weekend. They have not met for years so it's their big gathering and they had been planning for a long time. That plan seemed to have the members split into 2 groups - the adults and the kids. I had been arranged to join the kids' group, when I tried to protest they insist that I am a "kid" too, so I just had to submit to my fate. Clearly they all just wanted a babysitter for their 5 kids(age 5-10) while they "adults" get out and enjoy their reunion.


So I spent the weekend babysitting a total of 5 kids. That includes organizing games at home to entertain them, bring them to Science Park and the likes for outings and food and just overall watch over their safety and be an "adult" when needed. To be honest it was quite fun, though tiring when I sometimes had to raise my voice to make myself heard and drag the younger ones back when they stray too far(I admit, I am not really babysitter material). The kids seem to like me, so I guess it went well too. However, I still would rather be either hanging out with other adults or just having my weekend to my own. 


When my 3 uncles' families' were leaving after the weekend, they gave pocket money to each of the kids, including my brother, my father also gave pocket money to each of my cousins. Almost as expected, there wasn't a share for me. Now, I don't really care about the pocket money, they are just a couple of notes I can easily earn in a few hours, but I am rather annoyed for the fact that conveniently, I was skipped for being an "adult" this time.


I put on the biggest smile I and asked politely for pocket money from my uncles and aunt-in laws. They were a little taken aback. I said as sweetly as I could that I deserve pocket money too for being a "kid", they said so themselves. In all awkwardness I got my pocket money. Needless to say, my parents looked like they had shit smeared across their faces.


I got the biggest shit from my parents after they left. In their words, I am a major AH to have deliberately made my parents lose face, and so on and so forth. AITA?My ex husband left me when I was 2 months pregnant. When my daughter turned 4 months old, he married his current wife. I met my husband when my daughter was 2 years old and married him when she turned 3. My daughter is now 7 years old and I have a 3 year old son with my husband. My ex has two daughters with his wife, who are 6 and 4. 

My ex has an every other weekend visitation with our daughter. Now my daughter used to call my husband 'popi' , but ever since the birth of my son, my daughter has started calling my husband 'daddy'. That's what I call my husband when I address him in front of my son, and my daughter has kind of picked up on that. 

We never told her no, because my husband loves my daughter and thinks of her as his own. He has stayed up nights taking care of her the times she has been sick.

Now, she doesn't have the same relationship with her stepmother. She has always called her stepmother by her actual first name, and it has always been that way, even though her stepmother has known her for a longer time than my husband. 

Here's why I'm wondering if I'm the asshole. 

The other night, when me and my husband went to pick up my daughter from her dad's, my daughter ran out of their door happily saying "mommy and daddy are here, I'm going home!"

When my ex heard her address my husband as 'daddy', he turned visibly upset. Later when we got home, my ex blew up on my phone saying that I was emotionally abusing my daughter by 'making' her call another man "daddy" and that I needed to make her stop.

 I said that our daughter has all the right to call my husband daddy if it makes her happy. He then asked me how I'd feel if he made our daughter call his wife "mommy". I told him that if my daughter hasn't called her " Mommy " after 6 years of knowing her, it is because she never wanted to. I said that it isn't my fault if our daughter feels closer to her stepfather and actually loves our family together. After saying that, I hanged up. 

The next day my ex mother in law called me accusing me of parental alienation. This is honestly messing with my mind. 

My husband loves my daughter. Is it really bad if we let her call him "daddy"?. He loves it and in fact, he always says that he has 2 kids.My husband and I are the parents of twins who are less than a year old. Anytime my husband SHOULD be doing something with the children ( it's his turn for a diaper, a bottle, even just soothing a fussy newborn) he ALWAYS goes to the bathroom first. We are both on maternity / paternity leave currently.

My husband is on medication that makes him spend a lot of time in the bathroom about an hour after a meal. It's a medication he has been on and off several times over the past year. He is never on it for more than a few weeks, and it does not effect him all the time, but he always claims that is why he is in the bathroom. ( I did ask, the doctor didnt say it was impossible, but highly unlikely. Doc wanted him to come in for a checkup if this was the case and husband said oh it's not THAT bad and refuses to go in )

I would rather let him use the restroom first than have to put down a baby mid task, but over the past couple months he has been spending more and more time in there. He always takes his phone. He is always watching youtube. His average session is 25 minutes in there, often longer, rarely shorter.

It's the most frustrating when it comes time to feed them ( one of the twins needs to be held specifically for health reasons, so I can not double feed ) because we will get up, I will warm up bottles, change one baby bum, get the first one fed, burped, and laid down in their crib, get the other baby changed and be setteling down to feed baby number two before he can be bothered to emerge and figure out why one child has been screaming because they had to watch their sibling eat l, and then the other when cry when they dont get to cuddle at all because I have to immediately set them down to feed the hysterically sobbing child. 

Yesterday was a week and a half sence I started truly keeping track, and he, only twice in 10 days, not ditched me to go camp out in the bathroom and let me finish %80 of the childcare.

Today I started a new rule. If he is in the bathroom for more than 10 minutes, I flip the wifi off. He has not spend more than 15 minutes in the bathroom at a stretch today, but is extremely upset. I feel like the fact that without the wifi his uncontrollable toilet issue cleared up rather quickly proves why it needs to be done, but he feels I am being unreasonable, and I need to make sure sleep deprivation isnt makeing me an asshole.

TLDR: AITA for turning off the wifi when my husband is in the bathroom for extended periods of time, avoiding domestic and fatherly duties.

Edit: to answer questions that people have been asking.

Yes, I have talked to him about this. 10 days ago we had a conversation about the situation, and he denied how long hes been spending in the bathroom. This conversation is also the one where I proposed he see a doctor.

Yes he has down time. He spends a good deal of time working on his car and plahs diablo about 8 hours straight every day. He spends most of his time on the other side of the house on his PC in his office.I'm well aware that this story sounds extremely hard to believe and fake, and I'm aware that there will be many "shitpost" comments below. Sorry, but this story is 100% true and it is a hot topic of discussion in my family at the moment.

I was born when my parents were both 19, and my only other brother (let's call him Josh) was born when they were 42. They divorced shortly after Josh was introduced to the world (he was 4 months old at the time), and they both wanted nothing to do with the child. At the time, I was 23 and I was living alone with my then-girlfriend who was 21 (now my wife), and I done my best to convince at least ONE of them to take care of young Josh for his sake and the family's sake, but they refused adamantly and said that I should be taking custody of him instead. So I became legal guardian of my brother and he's been living with us for the past 12 years and things have been going really smooth for us.

Josh, now almost 13, has been calling me "dad" and my wife "mum" and our two children (4F, 9M) his siblings and he has absolutely NO idea about his real parents, and to be honest, I let all of that slide. He has NO idea that I'm really his blood brother and not his father, and I'm starting to feel guilty and a little weird.

Some of my uncles and aunts come to visit occasionally and they are really disgusted at the fact he calls me "dad" and they are surprised I haven't told him the truth. They constantly messaged me, talked to me in private and I cannot chat to them without this one particular topic rising up - badgering me to let him know already but I refused.

I discussed this with my wife and she thought it would be wrong to tell him the truth because none of my parents wanted to take care of him and I'm the only person in the world who gave him the "father figure" everyone deserves.

I feel that he has the right to know what he is to me and what I truly am to him, but he's suffered enough already and I just want things to continue how it is. Reddit, AITA? WIBTA if I let him know the truth?



**UPDATE**: About 70% of the comments are advising me to tell my son who I really am to him, and some are saying "sooner than later". I've just got up to discuss this with my wife and now after a lot of hesitation, we've decided that it's best the truth comes from us and it has to come now. Right now, it's late for us, but we shall address this to him first thing this week, or even tomorrow. Thanks guys.Title says it all. My friend is one of those girls who always has a boyfriend, and that boyfriend becomes a central part of her identity. Last night we were having dinner and she said she needed a new hobby because she didn’t realize gaming could be so expensive. She dropped $2500 on a gaming rig because the guy she is dating now is into gaming, when before this she didn’t even have Candy Crush on her phone.

So I told her that she should find her own hobbies and interests instead of getting into whatever her current boyfriend is into. I reminded her that she enrolled in BJJ class when she dated a BJJ blackbelt (but she never stepped into a gym again after they broke up), she bought tons of baking tools and supplies when she dated a pastry chef (all banished to some faraway corner of her kitchen cabinet as I write this), she even wanted to buy a cobra when she was seeing a guy who collected them (Thank God the guy told her that she absolutely shouldn’t do it).

After dinner one of our other friends told me I shouldn’t have said that to her and she clearly looked hurt, but I think that there was nothing wrong with what I said because I just pointed out facts and I think she needed to hear that to realize how dependent her personality is on her boyfriends and how ridiculous she is acting by copying their interests.

AITA?

Edit: Yep, I'm reading the replies, all 3K of them, it's all very interesting. Not gonna reply to any because reddit people can be weird, I know if I reply to a YTA with anything other than "I'm sorry you're right" people will say "Accept your judgment!" and if I reply "Thanks" to an NTA I will be told I'm just looking for validation.

Shout out to @Durvillea who made the effort to DM me the same comment she made here, to quote:

Looks like you are one of those girls who are always fat + ugly inside out that you have to be jealous with your rich + pretty friend who always gets attention from guys and has enough money foe different new hobbies. Stop being bitter and leave her alone. You don’t need to also be mean to stay single af as you already are. Lol 

Girl thanks for your attention glad to know you're so interested in my life you have to try to talk to me through multiple channels.I'm 19f and live at home with my family. My younger brother 'Mike' is 14. He is has a group of friends in the neighborhood that he always hangs out with, they all enjoy skating and longboarding and stuff so that's what they're doing most of the time. The boys are 14-15 and really nice kids but most of their parents are hella weird. They have a groupchat where they're secretly supervising the boys basically constantly updating where they are in the neigborhood. My mom was added to the chat and showed me the messages to have a laugh about it and it's honestly ridiculous they'll sent texts like "I saw them at xy street 15 minutes ago" "They were in our garden 5 minutes ago I think now they're headed to the skate park". I think it's hilarious because our neighborhood isn't dangerous at all.

One of the moms in the chat is especially annoying because she keeps calling our house and asking if her son 'Jake' is there. We once were put in a groupchat together for a church project and since then she has my number and texts me all the time asking about the boys, because my mom won't respond.
 
Now yesterday I was home alone at about 2pm because my mom was at work and my siblings were out. Jakes mom had called my phone two times but I didn't answer cause she was annoying me. My boyfriend came over and we were just sorta chilling in the living room talking and listening to music. We were sitting on the couch and started to kiss and make out a bit. It was all nice and peaceful and suddenly I hear a really loud knock. It really made us jump because it was just so sudden. I turn to look and there's Jakes freakin mom outside, knocking at the window. I nearly hit the ceiling I was so angry. I go outside and she's all like blah blah sorry to interrupt I just wanted to ask because I haven't seen Jake in almost two hours ect.ect. Apparently we didn't hear the doorbell because of the music so she just walked around the house to investigate and look in the windows. I really blew up at her saying that she's a weirdo who stalks her son everywhere and a freak to look in other peoples windows. I also asked her if her obsessive stalking was the reason for her divorce which probably went a little to far.

My boyfriend thought I was justified and my brother thought it was funny but my mom is mad at me because all the other parents are now blowing up her phone. She also thinks I shouldn't have said that stuff about the divorce.  I feel sorry for putting my mom in this position but I feel like someone needed to tell that lady how annoying her behavior is.Please hear me out before you judge because while I did say what you’re thinking I didn’t say it in the way you’re thinking.

The gym I go to is very small. Not a lot of machines and not a lot of patrons. This means working out fairly close to people even if you don’t mean to. Yesterday I (23 f if it makes a difference) was on the extended leg press doing my thing when a girl and her boyfriend began working out on the machine beside me. (One would do a set while the other waited beside them) The girl looked at me, rolled her eyes and muttered to her boyfriend “Ugh I hate girls who only come to the gym to get a big ass.”

I shrugged her off, and kept doing my thing. I was on the assisted pull up machine doing an exercise where you put one foot on the pad and push downwards (apologies for not knowing the name, my trainer showed me it so I’m not entirely sure if it’s an actual well known exercise) 

The same girl looks at me, tuts and says to her bf “Look there she goes again, and her forms terrible.” Which is possibly true but she pissed me off.

At this point I call her out. I said “Oi, you.” She immediately looked like she shit herself and ignored me. So I called her out again specifically “You in the purple top.” 

She turned round and asked what I wanted. The following conversation happens:

Me; Do you want to fuck me?
Her: What?!
Me: I said do you want to fuck me?
Her: What the fuck is wrong with you?
Me: Well you keep staring at me, so I’m assuming you either want to fuck me or fight me, so which is it?

She went bright red, grabbed her boyfriends arm and went to the changing rooms. I carried on with my workout and didn’t see them again.

When I told my friend what happened, he said I acted like a dick and that as a woman I should know how much it sucks to be objectified in the gym. He also pointed out that I embarrassed her in front of everyone and ruined her and her bfs work out. 

My defence is she should also know how much it sucks to make people make disparaging comments about you in the gym and that she shouldn’t talk shit if she doesn’t want called out on it.

I’ll admit that I’m a pretty confrontational person and I could have reacted better but I also think she should mind her own business.Title says it all, sole provider for family, all credit cards maxed, negative bank balance, upcoming missed payments until my next check, basically destitute for the foreseeable future.  My wife and I usually decorate on Black Friday, but this year I don't want to.  The thought of putting up our fake tree knowing I'll have nothing to put under it fills me with such a mix of shame, anger, and pain.  I would prefer to just let December pass and cut out as many things as I can until I can get my finances under control.  Plus, my daughter is 2. She won't know, care, or even remember one missed Christmas.  So, AITA?  I'm already a failure as a husband and father, so what say you here?

THIS HAS SPUN OUT OF CONTROL!  I never thought my sad man pity party would get this kind of response.  I was expecting to be called an asshole, validate my self loathing, and claw my way out of debt by working harder.  I did not expect the absolute torrent of love and support that I in no way deserve or can accept.

INFO (And I am so sorry for not making this crystal clear in the original post): Our mortgage and utilities are paid.  There is food in our fridge and my next paycheck(s) is secure, even though it, too, will all go to bills with none left over for gifts.  I pretended not to notice that we weren't keeping up our pre-child lifestyle without credit cards and I got in over my head and now have to dig myself out of a relatively deep hole meaning I won't have money for gifts and meals out and holiday gatherings and whatnot for a good bit of time to come.  But, I have a great job and an outstanding family support system who all live close by and know what debt feels like and will understand if we can't chip in this year with anything but our presence, but it just felt shameful to have the advantages I have and still manage to fuck it up as bad as I did without asking for help. 

As for all the people begging me to accept help, here is why I can't:  I make a good salary.  There is no chance of me or my family going hungry.  We have food and will have money for food budgeted into my paychecks, which are secure as my job is secure. I have an extremely well funded 401k from 18 years of office work and life insurance to safeguard my family.  Thank you all who were offering food.  Thank you all who offered to buy my 2 year old's amazon wish list.  She's 2 and does not have one.  My wife and I had already decided that she has too many toys and so we had only things like books and a learning tablet in mind for her.  She'll be ok if we can't buy her "stuff".  She already has "stuff".  Her close in age cousins live on our street and we exchange toys and clothes all the time and both our houses are cluttered with "stuff".  This was not about garnering pity or soliciting charity.  It was my insecurity equating gifts with love that warped Christmas for me.  It almost ruined Christmas for me.  Regardless of the vote here, I truly am THE asshole for that.  So please, turn your charity to your communities, your neighbors.  Not some middle class jagoff who spent himself into debt trying to prove how much he loved a family that only needed him to be a happy and healthy presence at home.  You all have humbled me beyond words, beyond charity.  You have given me both the perspective and the courage to seek professional help, both financial and psychological, and hopefully it's not too late for this stupid old man to become a better father and husband.  Yes Virginia, there is a Santa Claus.  His spirit is truly embodied in all of you beautiful and selfless redditors.  Never lose the light.  Love and cheer to all.  But as you can see, I deserve neither your charity nor your goodness, and I'm going to go disappear back into anonymity now if possible and work on me.

Update for those concerned:  I have not ever, even for a second, considered hurting myself.  Not once.  I'm showing my age here, but Goonies never say die.

Update for INFO, and I hope this answers all the questions people had, as there were many, and so I'm just going to write a bio that answers them all:  I live in the Mid-Atlantic United States.  When we got pregnant (after 6 years of trying and failing and treatments and tears) we found out that it would cost us $50 a month for my wife to work her current job and put our daughter in full time daycare, as day care costs upwards of $1600 a month for even local co-ops, to say nothing of the $2100+ that most daycare companies were asking.  The solution was for her to "retire" and take up the even harder job of full time mother.  I work 8-5 at a day job and I pick up shifts DJing at a local bar at night and DJ private events/weddings/etc... when I can book them.  My daughter was about to turn 2, and be able to start 3 day a week "preschool" for far less than the cost of 5 day a week daycare, meaning my wife could work again, at least part time.  I was in the referral process to find a surgeon to do my vasectomy when we found out that despite using birth control, my wife was pregnant again. We're due in February, a little boy this time.  Utter shock, disbelief, some truly unhealthy thoughts, and finally acceptance that I was going to have to continue to be the full time provider, as there was no way we could put 2 kids in full time care, so once again, my sainted wife will have to spend at least another 2 years as a full time mom.  My wife and I are old people(42M, 40F) who tried to have kids earlier in life, but couldn't despite multiple treatments, and only succeeded when we stopped trying so hard and resigned ourselves to the thoughts of a comfortable dual income no kids lifestyle full of travel and memories, Bringing one life into this world at 40 after everything we went through was a laugh, only for life to turn around and "bless" me with a second child.  My wife is overjoyed, and I am happy but terrified of how I will afford this.  She applied for part time seasonal work to help with our bills, but the job she was hired for has given her exactly 2 shifts in 2 weeks, and taken one of those shifts away at the last minute due to overstaffing.  She has a meeting with them today to find out if it's worth her time to stay employed there, dependent on if they can actually give her at the least 20 hours a week which she requested upon applying.  We have had joint finances since we were engaged.  We don't hide things from each other, we're both well aware of our money issues and have been working on ways to improve our financial situation. (Thank you all for the links and sites, I am bookmarking them all!).  We have and will keep communication open.  It was our promise made to each other 13 years ago to never shoulder our burdens alone.

Lastly (hopefully, I know this is long) I am humbled by your offers of charity, dear strangers.  Truly and deeply humbled.  I cannot accept them, be it out of foolish pride or some other moral driver, but know that your kind words and even kinder offers have softened my resolve to cancel Christmas this year.  I just spent 2 days with co-workers volunteering at 2 local food banks preparing meals, clothes, and groceries for the community, so if you're one of the many wonderful strangers who offered help, please give that help to your local charity.  I have a roof over my head, and food in my belly, and I could not ask for more, not when I have so much already.  

I still dread the thought of lugging that old fake tree out of the laundry room, but my feelings have to come 3rd, here and always.  My wife and daughter need the love and joy that that old tree will bring, and I need to give them everything I can, even if it's the just the spirit of the season. They deserve to feel the warmth of a festive home, and we already own the damn thing, so it's literally the least I can do.  My presents will be the 1 million pictures my wife will take of our daughter pulling all the ornaments she can reach off the tree and showing them to her with that beautiful smile she has.  Our families are close by, and our parents will no doubt do their best to spoil our daughter and I know it will be more than enough.


UPDATE!  Wife and I downloaded a budget app and are working with a family member who does financial planning. I, personally, spoke with someone (a professional) early this morning and in just the initial phone call she helped me realize that I was equating being able to give gifts with showing love to my family.  Not being able to afford baubles isn't going to mean I love them less, and I will need to accept that and I will continue to work with her as long as my insurance will allow.  Thanks to close friends with growing kids, we have an embarrassment of clothes and toys to sort through, and wrapping some of these items for my little girl to tear into is more than good enough for my wife and I.  My wife and I have plenty of clothes  Thank you to all who have offered to purchase things for us.  My heart bursts from the selfless and wonderful offers.  But, I meant what I said when I asked you to please point your humongous hearts to your local charities. I have more than enough "things" and taking things from strangers to compensate for my poor spending habits feels wrong.  It will be a tough few months, but I have a good job with opportunities to grow and am going to work with professionals to learn some much needed budget control, and work with a therapist to learn to accept help from family and friends when the new baby arrives and to be less hard on myself.  I am also going to spend more time with my local food bank, I signed up to help build meal kits this week to be distributed for Christmas in my community.  I'm planning on "giving" generously this season, just not in the consumerist sense.  I think that's a "new tradition" that my family can and will preserve for years to come.  Even y'all who called me a stupid cunt.  Thank you, too, for keeping me grounded.

To those of you who have asked how could I have tried for 6 years to have a kid and "not bothered to budget for it once it came" are greatly underestimating how much fertility treatments cost even with insurance, and how well and truly fucked American Healthcare really is.  We are taking steps to ensure that this kid will be our last, and I actually brought up abortion but my wife would not even consider it.  Thankful for that now.I lost my late-girlfriend on 9/11 when TWC towers collapsed (she was on the 67th floor). I had no calls or texts from her, all I hope is that her last moments were painless and fearless. This year I suffered a near-death accident. After it, I did a lot of looking back on my life...and having lost family and friends in tragic ways I decided to stop taking things for granted and began cherishing the people I am close with. 

So for this year, I posted a tribute for my late-girlfriend onto my FB. It was just 4 pictures (1 of her, 2 of us holding hands/hugging, and 1 of us in her office when she first got hired). I wasn't too over-romantic, but said "I'll always miss you, and you will always be a big part of who I am. I hope you are proud of me."

A few hours later though my wife texted me and was furious. She asked if I  loved her or if I wanted to get a divorce. She told me it was slap her in face to post my ex onto my FB. Of course I love my wife more than anything, and my intentions were not to harm her in anyway, so I felt guilty and took down the post. Was I out of line here? I genuinely didn't mean to hurt my wife, I just wanted people to know what a great person my late-GF was.I've been away since Thursday, house sitting for my mum, and it's currently Sunday afternoon where I live.  Here, mail doesn't deliver on weekends, they only do that Monday to Friday, which means I had 2 days worth of mail in my mailbox. 

My 30 something year old neighbours moved in on Friday when I wasn't here, and she was in her front yard when I was collecting my mail. She goes "Don't check your mailbox on weekends. They don't deliver on weekends. So don't check it." (In a rude Karen voice, if you know then you know.) Already, I know we're not going to have a good neighbour relationship, and I'm hungover and can't be bothered dealing with her shit, so I said "I know, it's just I've been kidnapped in the basement for a week so I had to check the mailbox." I don't have a basement, barely anyone does in my country. 

She seemed shocked, but it was an obvious joke with my overly sarcastic tone. Then we both went inside and that was that. About 25 minutes later, the police knocked on the door thinking I was held captive in my basement which I don't have, so I explained to them what I had said and they just laughed and left.

Just before, I was putting rubbish in the bin and she came out and called me a c*nt for making her think I was kidnapped

AITA?

Edit: spelling

Edit 2: Thanks for your judgement everyone. I honestly thought it was going to have a different outcome because I felt horrible after the police arrived, like what I said was incredibly wrong of me (which it is, don’t do what I did). But I’m disabling reply notifications

Also, I am AustralianI am black, and my wife is also black. I spent my most of my childhood in the foster system, but for a good part of it I was taken care of by an elderly Russian gentleman (we'll call him Dimitri Petrovitch). While he never formally adopted me, he played a major role in my upbringing, and I am very grateful for all that he has done for me. Unfortunately, he passed away many years ago, and he never had any children. 

Fast forward to today, my wife and I recently had a son, and to honor the memory of my mentor, I decided (with my wife's approval) to name my kid Dimitri Petrovitch Williams. Williams being my last name, and Petrovitch being my son's middle name. However, it seems like it's only my wife and I who likes this name, as her extended family has been quite upset over it, saying things like "What kinda name is Dimitri?", or "You ain't white, you ain't Russian, why did you give your son such as a white name." 

It's true that there's no part of me that's Russian (I an barely speak Russian), but I feel like he's been such a big part of my upbringing that I had to honor him somehow. I confided in my friends too, and they said something along the lines of "You a black man and you gotta be proud of your own culture. You gave your son an identity that he's not even a part of, he's gonna have a hard time in school with that name."

So my wife's family aren't happy with our decision, and it seems like my friends don't really have my back either. I'm keeping the name that's for sure, but should I have reconsidered? Maybe I could've honored my mentor in another way?I'm a 31 year old single guy who lives alone in an apartment complex. I've lived there for 6 years. My neighbor across the hall, a woman around my age or a little younger (I actually don't know her first name but I'll call her Katie) lives across the hall from me diagonally and has for about 2 years. We exchange hellos but aren't friendly, which is how it is with most of my neighbors.

So I don't know how to cook, and due to losing one of my part time gigs, I don't have as much money for takeout anymore. I'm getting really sick of eating cheap fast food or box mac and cheese. I'm gaining weight and I never feel great.

This is where Katie comes in. I can always smell her cooking in the hall and it always smells amazing (I know it isn't the other person at our end of our hall cause it's a single old man). I've even complimented it a few times. So I got the idea that I'd offer to give her some money each week to cook a little extra and bring it over to me (or I can pick it up from her!) at night. She's cooking anyway and then I'd have varied presumably delicious food.

I asked her the next time I saw her and she looked surprised and said she couldn't because she was too busy (which didn't make sense cause she cooks almost every day but okay). The next time I saw her a few days later, I asked her if she was sure and upped the amount I was offering, and she said she was sure and that it was rude to ask me, and that she isn't a housekeeper for hire and I should get a housekeeper if that's what I want. She also called me 'a stranger' even though we have talked in the halls before.

Overall she made me feel like a big jerk and really embarrassed for even asking her, and a little mad because she was acting like I was being creepy (I wasn't, trust me, she isn't my type). I think asking her to split cooking wasn't completely outlandish, since she cooks every day anyway and it wouldn't be hard to make a little more.

So, AITA?

EDIT: People keep assuming I'm sexist because I didn't think it was the old man who lives on our hall cooking. It's not an assumption for me. He and I have lived across from each other for 6 years. The cooking smells didn't start til she moved in, and I've talked to her about how good her cooking smells before.

EDIT: Okay. It is abundantly clear that I was the asshole and asking her was inappropriate and, as much as I hate to admit it, creepy. My instinct is to apologize to her but since my instinct was to ask her in the first place, I'll do the opposite and stay out of her hair. Thanks.So years and years of backstory here. Ex wife has BPD and life with her has been a continuous struggle. We are in the middle of a divorce because while she’s lied, stolen, abused, hit, etc... she never cheated. But she crossed that line and enough was enough. Divorce is bitter and ugly. 

For financial reasons we had set kids college savings up with my wife as custodian. I implored kids to go to the brokerage companies to remove wife as a custodian now they were adults. The both blew me off and “yeah yeahed” me for almost a year. Ex cleaned out every penny of the accounts, probably to buy her new house. Instead of my kids even asking thier mom why, let alone taking legal action they both held their hands out to me and expected me to make up for it. Then getting mad at me when I said I had far too much on my plate to add another battle with thier mom, they had to handle it. Since there was no way to pay for school this semester, both have essentially become shut ins at home. 

I’ve had it because niether shows an iota of interest in thier future. On a lark I called my college roommate who is head ski patrol at a small resort in NM. He said I’m hired. I talked to my partner and he’d gladly buy my half of the business. With the 50% id have to give my ex wife I could live modest and comfortably for the rest of my life. I could spend my summers hiking, my winters working and maybe just not spend 15 hours a day at a desk working for 3 people who just see me as a wallet.

Kids would be cut off. I wouldn’t be able to afford ANY help. They have avenues and legal recourse with thier mom, whether they take it is up to them. But they’d have to grow up and fast.

Would I be the asshole if I do this?My ex and I had been together for 2 years.  It was rocky for the last couple months when she lost her job and just seemed to refuse to look for work just living for free in my house causing me to have to financially support us both.  I also suspected she was cheating on me, and eventually I broke up with her and she left to live with her parents.

A few weeks later she comes knocking on my door to let me know she's pregnant with my child.  She was practically beaming with glee.  I agreed to let her stay with me again as my home would be a healthier place to stay as her mom smokes like a chimney and refused to stop smoking inside when she found out her daughter was pregnant.  Didn't want my child subjected to that.

The one caveat to this arrangement being we would go in a couple weeks and get a paternity test done.  She very happily agreed.  Her reaction actually washed away some of the fears I had about her possibly cheating on me.  So she lives with me for a couple weeks and we go to get the test done.  We find out that the child isn't mine and like a switch is flipped I honestly no longer care about that kid anymore and tell her to pack up her shit and get out of my house.

This was a week ago.  She moved her stuff back to her parents house, but is staying with a friend to avoid the cigarette smoke and other problems there.  She, her friends, and even a few of our mutual friends are texting and messaging me about how I'm a terrible person for doing this to that innocent child.  That I have plenty of room in my home and I should just help her out.  I feel like I've been through the emotional ringer these past months and I've been though every emotion I am capable of feeling.  From realizing I was possibly a father to the betrayal when her cheating was confirmed...honestly I feel so emotionally raw and sometimes I agree with them.  That maybe I should take her back and just care for the kid.

Was I unfair to this unborn child?  Am I a total piece of shit for not wanting them in my home in this vulnerable time for them?  She cheated on me, but is this a situation that I should suck it up and take care of them anyway? 

I (23) am getting married to my boyfriend of 6 years in June. We're having quite a large wedding (fiance has a big family, and we have a lot of friends), but my family is very small. My only family is my mom (never met my dad), and I have an aunt and uncle who are childfree. Since I was little, having no father I always wanted my uncle to walk me down the aisle.

My mom married my step dad when I was 12, and I've never liked him. He's a bully. He says horrible things to people, says racist, sexist, transphobic things for attention, and heavily contributed to my mental illness and eating disorder as a teenager. My mom knows that we don't get along, and she knows I didn't like him, but I gave up on confiding in her about how much I disliked him when I was around 15, because she would always insist that despite having a nasty mouth, he was a really good guy and he would never hurt us. So, it's been around 8 years since I've told my mom I hate him. I moved out when I was 19 with my boyfriend. I visit my mom maybe 3-4 times a week, I would try to time this around my step dad working so I wouldn't see him. As a result of seeing him less, I was more able to ignore his horribleness and we stopped arguing. I mostly stopped talking to him. He still refers to me as his daughter and my mother insists he loves me. It is not mutual, but everyone has assumed that I love him too and our relationship is just based on 'banter' rather than tormenting.

So, when I got engaged, I asked my uncle almost straight away if he would walk me down the aisle. He was over the moon, but my aunt was like 'oh, you aren't picking step dad?' and I said no, I've always wanted uncle to do it. A few hours later, my mom called me crying asking why I wouldn't want step dad to do it, saying it's broken his heart. I told her that I've always dreamed of having uncle do it. She pressed on about how heartbroken he is, saying he always thought we had a good, funny relationship. This is where I feel like an ass. I said, 'there was nothing funny about him ruining my self esteem and teenage years. I hate him and if it were up to me, he wouldn't even be at the wedding'. My mom said that she's horrified that I still feel this way, once again spouting that he's a good guy and he loves me. I repeated that I hate the guy, and she said she'll tell him to back off.

He's now angry at me and has asked my uncle not to walk me. My uncle is now not speaking to him, and I feel like I've torn what little family I have apart. AITA?Just for context, I am 6'2 and my wife is 4'11. She is insecure about her height and while I try my best to tell her that she is stupendously beautiful the way she is, she got bullied about it pretty bad and it's just an aspect she doesn't like about herself.

With this in mind, we recently went to one of my favorite places to eat. Now, this restaurant has a really large counter and my wife is petite, so the cashier couldn't really see her. 
We ordered our food, and were heading out when the cashier held out a giant piece of candy and said 'for your lovely daughter' to me.

I honestly couldn't help but burst out laughing to the point that I had tears in my eyes and I had to compose myself before driving back home. 

My wife was obviously pretty pissed. AITA?I swear, every day there is a top post about "AITA for saving kittens from a notorious kitten abuser?" or "AITA for breaking up with a convicted rapist?"

These are not conflicts. These are not moral dilemmas. I thirst for juicy conflict where I get to reign down mighty judgement upon the poster. I want to question my own moral standings. I'm tired of the limp dick posts where we're supposed to congratulate the poster on being a hero when it's obvious from the title that, no, you're not an asshole, you're just an attention seeking whore for posting it. 

I'm looking at you:

 **AITA if I break up with my girlfriend for stealing tips when we go out to eat?** Are you kidding me? Are you an asshole for breaking up with someone who steals from people?

 **AITA for threatening to sue my parents for taking out student loans in my name?** This is literally a crime and you want to know if you're an asshole? 

 **AITA for being upset that my fiancée is staying with her ex** They're banging and you want to know if you're an asshole for being upset. Seriously? 

 **AITA for wanting my cousin to pay the same amount of rent as me** Unless the body of this post details the fact that you are racking up 3/4 the amount of utilities, run a harem out of the apartment, and piss on their clothes, then no, you're not an asshole for expecting them to pay their equal share. 

&#x200B;

JESUS CHRIST PEOPLE. GROW A BACKBONE.

&#x200B;

Either AITA is populated by doormats, or ya'll just want to reap sweet, sweet karma for shit we all know is totally fine to be doing. 

&#x200B;

So, AITA for thinking that the posts here should be reserved for these little humdingers?

**AITA for smacking the shit out of my 8-year-old nephew for stealing hundreds of dollars of my Pokemon cards and taking some of them to school and trading with them?** 

 **AITA for not believing my girlfriend's 'discomfort' during sex?** 

 **AITA, for telling an overweight girl to lose some weight?** 

 **AITA if I don't want my girlfriend to bring her cat when she moves in?** 

 **AITA for getting annoyed with parents who drive their kids to affluent neighbors on Halloween?** 

 **AITA for making my(26M) hook up (19F) leave right after sex**My wife has minor anxiety and ocd. She has been on meds for a long time, but had to go off them when she got pregnant. None of the pregnancy safe meds worked for her. Pregnancy was really tough for her, she spent a lot of time reading about what foods and activities and such could harm a fetus, and she was basically paralyzed by fear that she was hurting our son whenever she did anything. It was really rough for her and she hated being pregnant. She had a mental breakdown and confessed to me that she didn’t want to breastfeed, she was feeling violated by the pregnancy and wanted her body back and to go back on her meds, but she was worried that our son would be terribly harmed if she didn’t. I talked her out of breastfeeding because the pros were far outweighed by the cons and she clearly didn’t want to do it.

After the delivery, I was using the bathroom and my father was in the room with my wife. A lactation consultant came in and asked my wife if she was ready to breastfeed. My wife said she wasn’t going to breastfeed and the lactation consultant started pushing and reminding her of the benefits of breastfeeding (which to my wife, was reminding her of all the ways she was harming our son by not breastfeeding.) my father also started pressuring her. She said she just kept saying “I don’t want to,” but was very close to capitulating because she was so tired and anxious and she just wanted it to end. I came back into the room and kicked out the lactation consultant and my dad for not listening to her when she said no.

Things got considerably better when we left the hospital. My wife was able to get back on her meds and was happy. This was the first part of the pregnancy/birth process that she actually got to enjoy. Her meds can take up to a month or two to have full effect, so the anxiety and ocd issues are still there, but much less.

The conflict comes in because I told my dad he couldn’t be around my wife and son for the time being because he participated in pressuring her when she said no. I’ve also run into an issue when sending pictures of the baby to family. A number of people wrote back nitpicking how my wife my holding the baby, what she was feeding him, the crib we’re using and so on. I stopped sending photos, but my wife and I talked and she said she was still feeling fixated on everything she was doing wrong as a mom, and these critiques would make it worse.

So I told everyone who critiqued our parenting that they can’t come meet the baby. They probably can in a month or so when my wife will be more secure mentally and as a mom, but until then, no one can come. Thus far, the only people who have met my son are my wife’s parents, her sister, and my mom.

A lot of my family is saying that this is unfair because they have good intentions and are just trying to help. My mom told me I should give them a chance, but I think the risk is too big. Am I the asshole for banning them?My boyfriend (37M) has two daughters. A 10 year old and a 13 year old. We've been dating for about 3 years now. I get along well with the younger daughter and she and I'm kind of like a big sister/auntie to her. The older daughter does not like me and makes it clear that she would rather her father not date me (or anyone else from what I gather). 

Boyfriend and his ex share custody and this year, since my boyfriend had them for Christmas, I got them both presents (got them both necklaces). 10 year old was very excited and happy with her gift. 13 year old got huffy and said she didn't want anything from me and refused to "accept" the gift. 10 year old also opened 13 year old's gift after she refused to accept it and I could tell that she did like what I'd got her. I decided to keep it for myself. 


Fast forward to today, 13 year old calls and she wants the necklace. She didn't apologise for her rude behaviour from before or anything (which I honestly don't care too much about). She asked me to give it to her since it's "hers" and "you already bought it". I told her that it wasn't hers since she refused to accept the gift and that I'm not going to give it "back" to her. She got upset and complained to my boyfriend who told her it was up to me whether or not I wanted to give her the gift anymore. 

Am I being too harsh on her? My sister thinks I'm just making my own life more difficult by not just giving it to her. Is it petty of me? AITA for refusing to give a gift that I did buy for her?

**Edit: ok, I did not expect this post to get so much attention. Just to clarify a few things that are being asked, I'm 27. No, this is not the first time I've got them gifts. I didn't write down my thought process properly; I've got them gifts before but they were "experiences" based gifts (for an example passes to amusement parks etc). This year because I was actually spending the day with them, I wanted to give a "proper" gift that they can actually keep and immediately "have" if that makes sense. And yes I kept it for myself, what else am I supposed to do with a rejected gift?** 

**Anyway..I realise that I did not handle this in the best way. I'll be seeing her today and explaining to her how I felt and why  didn't want to give it to her again and explain that perhaps we both could learn to appreciate the sentiment behind gifts better.I think I will decide what to do with the actual gift after having a proper conversation with her and seeing how that goes (especially since I already exchanged the necklace for a different one and no longer have the original one I got for her). Thanks for all the ideas as to how to approach her and this conversation. And yes I understand that she is still dealing with her parents breaking up and I feel for her, I really do.**This has been going on for a few months now, ever since school let out. There are two girls in the neighborhood who are about 8-10 and the oldest about 10-13... I have a video camera outside our apartment and have caught them red-handed. The first package they stole contained puppy pee pads and garbage bags, second package contained a pair of scrubs for work and last week they got a Bluetooth speaker.  Amazon replaced all my packages and I would rather not get the police involved and their parents are real asshats that don't supervise their kids, so I decided to fill a few packages with dog shit and leave them something special to steal to hopefully teach them a lesson. I also taped notes that said " Dear Children, Stop stealing my shit!" in the boxes along with the turds. Some of the turds are petrified, some were juicy and wet. AITA or am I a diabolical genius?My brother died. He was an incredible, funny guy, I miss him like I lost one of my limbs. Maybe it’s stupid, but I want people to remember the person he was. My dad and aunts have been involved in planning his funeral and they have been planning a very Catholic funeral service. He wasn’t Catholic and wouldn’t like the very expensive casket, the flowers, the church with a lot of people he didn’t know there. He’d think it’s way too fancy, way too much. 

He and I had morbid discussions a lot (side effect of me being a goth teenager, I guess). He told me he wanted to be cremated and his ashes thrown into a ceiling fan while “It’s Raining Men” played in the background...obviously not an option....Also, together we made up a funny funeral playlist, including songs like “Highway to Hell” and “Another One Bites the Dust.” 

To remember him, I want to bring a speaker and play “Another One Bites the Dust” at his wake. I would explain it to the people at the wake and say that I wanted to preserve the person he was. Maybe I could give a speech, or tell the story and explain how he saw death with humor, not sadness. There will be a lot of extended, older family members there who weren’t very familiar with him and are Catholic, so I’ve been thinking maybe not. But I really want to preserve his memory as he was, not what people think he should have been. I think my cousins and sister would get a kick out of it. 

WIBTA?

Edit: I didn’t really expect this response, but thank you. My brother would have been absolutely thrilled by all of your comments. I swear, I almost sense his hand in it. I don’t know if anyone will see this update, but here goes, 

This morning, I talked to my dad about the wake. I suggested, as some of you did, that maybe I could give a eulogy and talk about my brother, and then play a instrumental cover of the song. I found a violin one that I really liked. My dad listened to the cover and looked at the list that my brother and I made. He actually smiled and laughed, and said that it seemed like a great idea. I hadn’t really been thinking about my Dad as much as I should have, I thought of him as opposition, I guess he cared way less about the Catholic stuff than I thought. 

I also reached out to some of my brother’ s friends. Some of them had already been planning a party in his honor and they were happy to listen to some of my ideas. We are going to play all the songs on the list, plus a few others that apparently he told his friends about and not me, and we’re going to start working on logistics for scattering (not human!) ashes from a ceiling fan.

Thanks again.My 19-year old daughter Vanessa called me this morning and told that her girlfriend proposed to her, and wants her to move to her apartment. Now for context, my daughter met this woman online, and they’ve never don’t ever SEE each other besides a few quick weekend visits. Moreover, they’ve only dated for a little more than a year. 

I told her I was happy for her, but then politely expressed my reservations. But I maintained that she was an adult, and that it was ultimately her decision.

The problem lies when Vanessa asked me for money. You see, when her older brother moved out and went to college, I decided to give him a little $500 a month stipend so he doesn’t have to worry about food (he managed to get a scholarship to cover the rest of his educational costs, so it was just the small expected parent contribution and his living expenses). That combined with the money he saved during the summers made it so he didn’t have to work at all during the school year. 

Since I gave him $500 a month every month his university was in session, that amounted to around $16,000. I told Vanessa that I was going to do the same when she moves out and goes to school.

She now says that she’s moving out and that college was on the backburner for her. Her girlfriend will support them (she is 23, already graduated, and works in IT). She said that now she’s not going to school, she’d rather just take a lump sum, or give her $500 a month too, and just not get anything if she goes to school.

I told her I cannot stop her from moving, but that money is for supporting her education only. If/when she realizes that this is a mistake and decides to go to school, or even if she decides to go to school when she’s married, I’ll be happy to contribute the money. But it’s not just a free handout.

She’s got really mad that I rejected her and accused me of favoring her brother. To her credit, her brother and I have a closer relationship (he’s always been the studious rule-follower while Vanessa was more the troublemaker), but I do love my children equally. I told her at the end of the day, that it was an *educational* stipend; if she feels like she has the independence to move out to her fiancé, then she has the independence to get a job and work for her own money. That if she ever wants to go school at any point of her life, I will fully support it financially.

Well we argued back and forth before she angrily hung up on me and told my wife. My wife thinks that we should give her *something*, but I told her that my thinking is that this relationship will fail, and I rather keep the $15,000 as an emergency blanket for if and WHEN she has to move back home. I don’t want her to think I support this decision.

She told me she sorta saw my point, but she’s not going to help me unravel this mess with my Vanessa, she’s staying out of it. I, on the other hand, think she’s acting like a spoiled brat. AITA for sticking to my guns on this?Throw away because some of my friends know my reddit account and I want to keep this as private as possible. Sorry if the answer seems obvious, but I've had so much backlash Im starting to question myself.

I am f25, my brother is m22. He lives with me since he moved out of our parents house, reasons are irrelevant. I came home to find him with his buddies in my home, getting wasted. I was pissed because he never asked if he could have people over ("Im an adult OP, I can do what I want"). Apparently he and his friends were throwing a "bullet dodged" party. 

He had been seeing this girl for a bit. She texted him letting him know that she was pregnant, but planning to abort the baby. She asked if he could financially help her pay for the operation. He. Blocked. Her. I was *horrified*. Apparently he and his brilliant friends decided that she had lied about taking birth control, because "Its impossible for women to get pregnant if they're on the pill." ….. right. 

I was livid. I was completely disgusted not only by their ignorance towards birth control and safe sex, but by the fact that he would block a girl and leave her completely on her own to handle a problem that he was at least 50% responsible for. I told him, in these exact words "pack your shit and get the fuck out" Obviously more than this has happened in the past, but this was my breaking point. I had tried so hard to bend over backwards for my baby brother. House him when he was homeless, help him get a job, give him rides... only for him to turn out like *that*? Nope. So anyways, he and his friends stood there like they didn't think I was serious. I said again, "all of you get the fuck out. I don't want to see any of you here again."

Here's where I'm possibly the asshole. I told him in no uncertain terms that he needed to collect his things and leave. If he was old enough to make big-boy decisions, he was old enough to find a place on his own. He straight up said no. So I lost my temper. I grabbed as much of his stuff as I could, crammed it into a suitcase, and put/threw the suitcase outside. I shouted that if he didn't leave I would call the police. Fast forward tears and begging, he was finally out. That night I got *several* messages that I was heartless for making him homeless. They pregnancy wasn't his fault because: 1) it was an accident. 2) they weren't a serious couple so he has no reason to help her. 3) she should have been more careful. I called bull, and said I would never allow someone with that sick mindset live under my roof. I said that he is not my brother and I don't want anything to do with him. My parents, my aunts, and some cousins are with me, but that leaves about 3/4 of the family against me. They think that I should support him because he is my brother, I should have given him time (he's not on the lease btw, and he was *supposed* to pay rent but often didn't), and the punishment just didn't fit the crime.

so reddit, am I the asshole?

EDIT: so I didn’t think this would get as much traction. I’ve already seen some comments about it, and gotten some PMs, so Im gonna address this now. I only posted this to find out if I was TA for *how I handled it*. If I am TA, fine. So be it. But I don’t care what your views on abortion are, or how you don’t think he’s responsible for her pregnancy. So please do not comment if you’re just going to tell me about how abortion is sinful.

EDIT 2: I cam currently trying to track the girl down. She is an old work colleague of his, and Im trying to find his old coworkers to figure out her contact info and see if I can help in any way.My wife and I divorced when my daughter was 6 years old, and my wife had custody of my daughter for the most part since I was too busy working 50 hours a week, she quickly moved on to be with another man 7 years younger than her. I knew from many stories I've heard that my daughter would probably end up being closer to him than me, since not only was our time together very limited but he was a stay at home dad, which means they had plenty of time to bond together which makes me feel sick to this day. This may sound immature but I made her promise to never ever call her stepdad(dad), that I was her only father and to not betray me. But I have no control over what she or they do in their home. Fast forward to now my prediction came through and she's obviously closer to her step dad than me. She has gotten engaged about a year ago and now that the wedding is approaching near(1 month or so)  she's now out of the blue told me that she wants both me and her stepdad to walk her down the aisle after promising me I would be the one to do it. Even though I know they're very close, I don't believe he has any right to walk my blood daugther down the aisle. I am her only father, it isn't fair that he got to be with my daugther more than me, her bio dad, and now he wants to take this moment from me too. I got a bit angry and told her I absolutely will not share an honor that is meant for me the actual father of the bride with some guy I barely know. She told me he's done a lot for her growing up and that I'm being petty over something that happened years ago. I told her I wasn't going to argue about it and if she wants her stepdad to walk her she can, but I won't be there to see it. 

I was told by a friend of mine who uses this site quite often that many people have gone through something similar to this with their kids or parents, so I wanted to see other people's perspective, on if it's wrong for me to want to be the only one to walk my only daughter down the aisle.I have a son (4 months old), I'm breastfeeding, he's forever spitting up on me, and we're trying to give as much skin to skin contact as possible. Because of this, I've pretty much stopped wearing clothes at home. I'll wear them when I go out, obviously, but in the privacy of mine and my boyfriend's flat I just go bare chested. My in laws were meant to come by around 6pm, and instead came by over an hour early and let themselves in with the spare key. I was sleeping on the sofa with my son on my chest, they got an eyeful. I woke up to them yelling at me to put a shirt on and asking why I didn't do that sooner if I knew they'd be over today. I maintain that they were a full hour early and why on earth would they just let themselves in when I didn't answer the door. My boyfriend wants me to apologise, I refuse. Who's the arsehole here?

Edit: to everyone commenting about the sleeping situation as being a risk of suffocation/SIDS please know that I am fully aware of this and am taking all measures to avoid any injury/death of my child, this was a one off event after he fell asleep on top of me and we napped for less than an hour, probably closer to half an hour. I appreciate the concern but this is the only time it's happened and it won't be happening again.

&#x200B;

Update: I am aware of how the votes on here are shaping up but they are the only people I have close by rn. My boyfriend is mad at me for making things awkward, and my in laws are annoyed by what they saw, so I just called them and apologised. Going forward I will assume they will be early and not nap/be shirtless on days they are coming in case they arrive ahead of time.My sixteen year old son and I went to a wedding. When we got the invitation, we both chose to order chicken for the main course. There was an option to select a kid's meal version of each dish, but I never considered ordering one for my son because he is too old for kid's meals. I sent in the RSVP card with our meal selections and never heard anything about it.

At the wedding, my son and I got our food, but the table was one chicken meal short. The waiter had a small plate of chicken fingers and fries, but everyone at the table told him it must be a mistake because we didn't have any kids sitting with us. The waiters were able to put together an extra chicken plate for the person who didn't get one, and it seemed all was well.

I later got a call from the bride's parents, who told me that the chicken fingers had been for my son, and that I had caused the caterer to charge them for the extra adult chicken meal. I told them my son had asked for the adult meal, but they said he should have had the kid's meal because he's under eighteen. They said I should have known he was meant to have a kid's meal and that I should have asked for clarification if I wasn't sure. But I wasn't unsure, I never thought for a second that my son would have a kid's meal. Ten and under I would think would have kid's meals and eleven to thirteen is questionable, but fourteen and up I would never think would have a kid's meal. The bride's parents told me it's normal for anyone under eighteen to get a kid's meal, but I've never heard of eighteen being the cutoff. I think it's rude to feed a sixteen year old a meal meant for a six year old. 

WIBTA if I refused to pay for the extra meal and told them it was their mistake for changing my son's order? I know wedding meals are expensive, but I think this was their mistake.My wife and I (both mid 30s) have been happily married for nine years. We don't have any kids and don't want kids. We had the "what if" talk before getting married; she told me she would want to have an abortion if she ever got pregnant.

Yesterday my wife told me she's nine weeks pregnant. She's on the pill, but accidents happen. She said she wants to carry to term and give the baby up for adoption. Naturally, I was surprised by the news and her change of mind. I asked her if she considered getting an abortion. She said she had, but she doesn't want to because she feels a bond to the fetus. She told me she has been researching adoption and learned that the local adoption agencies only accept birth mothers who are okay with having an open adoption. I told her I wasn't really comfortable with this and asked her if she would have an abortion. She started crying and spent the night at her sister's place. She wont answer my phone calls.

I'm uncomfortable with this for a few reasons. I was adopted a birth and my adoptive parents weren't the best. I know this isn't the case for everyone who was adopted, but I can't help but have a negative view about it. A few years ago I tried to find my biological parents to learn my medical history, but I couldn't. I was sore about it for a little while, but it doesn't bother me anymore. My wife is aware of these points.

I just don't want to pass on my genes because they're essentially a mystery to me. I also don't like kids. My wife said she actually would prefer to keep the baby, but she knows I wouldn't want to; so she said having an open adoption sounded like a reasonable compromise. I understand why she thinks that, but I still don't want to have any biological children, regardless of how much/little I would be involved in raising him or her.

AITA for asking my wife to have an abortion?

Edit: my wife takes birth control for reasons other than contraception. If she ever wanted to stop taking it, I would support her 100%. I realize that I’m an idiot for not getting a vasectomy a long time ago though. It honestly never occurred to me until now (I think because my wife has always been on birth control and said she would have an abortion). I see now that it was irresponsible of me to not get one regardless. I’m going to get snipped ASAP.

Edit #2: She and I talked; it was emotional for both of us, but no voices were raised. Here are the main takeaways:

* I apologized for putting her in this position by being an idiot and not getting a vasectomy earlier. I also apologized if she felt like I was pressuring her when I asked her to have an abortion. I didn't mean to pressure her, but I know words aren't always received as we intended. She said she felt pressured a little, but forgave me because she knows I was totally caught off guard.
* She apologized for having a change of heart regarding abortion. She said she was really surprised by her own feelings and hopes I don't feel like she tricked me (I don't).
* We mutually agreed that it would be good to spend one more night apart to really think. We've always have a strong marriage, and we're both committed to working through this - whatever that may look like.Context: So a couple of girls in my college friend group have a roommate called “Jan”. I am acquainted with her and we never really had any problems, we actually made quite a good beer pong duo. I’m a tall and lanky male at 6’1 and 155lbs. Jan is a white chick on the heavier-side.


Recently, we had a watch party at Jan’s apartment for the Michigan Football Bowl Game where our friends were all having a good time getting pretty tipsy. My buddy and I were talking about whether our QB should declare for the draft or return. I said “I sure hope he comes back, Dylan (our backup QB) is still young and is still pretty scrawny.” 

Jan has a huge crush on Dylan and didn’t appreciate that I called him skinny. 

This caused her to go on a drunken tirade saying “what makes you think that you can call him skinny when you’re literally built of twigs?” “You would die playing football. Tbh I don’t think you could even lift a helmet!” 

At first, I took it on the chin, had a chuckle about it, and poked back a bit. I usually got my leg pulled about my physique but I never took it personally. Until she started making it personal.

“Look at you, you’re like one of those starving African kids on those TV commercials”  (I’m brown but not African)
“That’s why Dylan is a chick-magnet and [my ex] dumped you. You look malnourished”

She kept going and now I was beginning to boil. I wasn’t even responding at this point, just biting my tongue. But then I snapped.

Her: “Go lift some weights. It’s okay no one will judge you if you can only curl 5 pounds.”

Me: “If you could tell me what your current diet is, I’m sure I’ll put on weight in no time.”

*silence*

Her: “What are you trying to say?”

Me: “I’m saying that if I’m a malnourished African then you could be on The Biggest Loser. And I’m pretty certain you wouldn’t win.”

Her: “No wonder [ex] didn’t want you. Go fuck yourself.”

Me: “And no guy wants you. The last dick you got was Moby Dick. Fucking whale.”

At this point she was in tears, make-up running and everything. Her chick friends helped her into a bedroom to comfort her while looking back at me with a death glare.

Since this was at Jan’s place, I figured I should leave (Michigan was getting slaughtered at this point anyways). I finished my beer and left. I got a FaceTime from one of my friends who is Jan’s roommate. She urged me to apologize because she was just playing around and I went too far. I didn’t feel that way and I don’t want to apologize.

Am I the Asshole?

EDIT: grammar

INFO: we were both drunk but I’m pretty certain she had drank more than me 

EDIT: woah! thanks for platinum and silver you beautiful bastards! 🤯

INFO: I was drunk so the real argument obviously had a few stumbles and slurred words. Cleaned up the text for reading purposes. This might be a bit long but thanks for reading. 

I’ve been a single mom to two kids since they were 6 and 4 - their dad passed away. Around that time, my son was formally diagnosed as autistic. He’s not very verbal and prone to physical outbursts when he has a meltdown. He’s been in therapies of every kind for his entire life and it’s helped somewhat.

Their dad had a life insurance policy which allowed me to stay home as my son’s main caregiver while working freelance, but money was tight and finding anyone capable of watching him has always been a challenge. 

My daughter was graduating from college last year. A week before the ceremony, she had an awards ceremony for academic achievement. I was obviously incredibly proud of her. She asked me to come to it and I said I would. 

Her college is two hours from here. I hired a trained sitter who specializes in autism the day of the ceremony. Right as I was about to leave, my son had a meltdown and was lashing out at the sitter. I couldn’t leave, and he wasn’t calm for hours. I’d left my daughter a voicemail saying I wasn’t going to be able to make it. 

She called back that night absolutely livid. She called me a shitty mother, said I had two kids but only cared about one, that I’d missed every game and performance she’d had as a child and it clearly wasn’t going to change as adults and that she was just done. She said she knows he can’t help it, but her brother is incapable of showing empathy and it made it hard to be around him without resenting him. She hung up and that was it. I’ve barely spoken with her since. She didn’t send tickets for the graduation we were supposed to go to the next week. She hasn’t shown up for holidays and I’ve heard she’s engaged but didn’t call to tell me. She’s cut us out, and in the one of three times we’ve spoken since she said it’s easier for her to not have us around than be disappointed and that being alone at events is nothing new for her, she just doesn’t have to bother getting her hopes up I might come now. 

AITA - I’ve offered family counselling and all other manner of things. I know I wasn’t a perfect mom growing up - I didn’t make it to her things, but not for lack of caring. I’m heartbroken but I don’t think me not showing up in an emergency should have lost me my daughter forever.My former husband (42) came out as a transsexual woman last year. As a male he had recently started to get into crossdressing but assured me it was just a fetish, so I was taken by surprise when he came out as he was always a very traditional, masculine guy. She (now Laura) has not started HRT yet but is living fulltime as a woman. Laura and I no longer live together but we share custody of my son (10).

Ever since I moved out and Laura has started living on her own, she has started to dress in extreme clothing. She's gone from wearing relatively normal dresses and skirts to microminis, fishnets, big heels, the full nines, and bold makeup too. Laura is a tall woman (6'4 or so) so in the heels she is very visible and this is what had brought on my current issue.

I am fine with what Laura wants to wear privately but my son is having an extremely hard time with it, especially when it comes to her picking him from school or taking him out for food. Recently he had a breakdown over it and told me that it was so bad he didn't even want to go to school anymore, and that everyone knew him as the "drag queens son".

I tried to talk about this privately to Laura, but she gave me the cold shoulder over the phone. My son asked me to come out with him next meeting so we could bring it up together there. The moment she walked in all eyes were on us because of what she was wearing. People were obviously listening and when I gently tried to bring up the topic and explain how our son was feeling, Laura became incredibly loud and angry over it and accused me of feeding my son lines because I was jealous of her confidence. To make matters worse, a table of nearby girls decided to join in and hurl abuse at me and tell me that I was a piece of shit for saying what I was. My son and I left in tears but Laura did not seem to give a single damn about how distraught he was and seemed to just be loving all the attention.

Ever since then I've been torn wondering if my own personal feelings are getting in the way of things and I was a bad person for asking Laura to tone things down, especially given she felt she had to repress herself for so many years. I'm extremely shaken by having a group of complete strangers step in and wonder if I've gotten old and out of touch. It just breaks my heart to see my son becoming so withdrawn and upset over this. AITA for speaking to my ex this way?My newborn's pediatrician is always so crowded in terms of size of waiting room versus number of people waiting. It requires a certain amount of etiquette re: controlling your fuck kid, because there are no toys, no play area, no real space for shenanigans. 

Enter lady with four kids: A newborn, two toddlers, and a kindergarten aged kid (little girl in question here). She really really should have brought an iPad or a second adult or something because her kids were literally running around this tiny ass space, yelling and screeching. The mom was oblivious to all of her kids except the newborn, who was quietly breastfeeding while mom was glued to her phone screen. Accordingly, other people were put in the awkward position of having to discipline her kids. Several people had previously tried to put her kids back in line for whatever issue (harassing their kids, being loud, whatever).

Her kindergarten aged daughter, who clearly had some kind of special needs, was absolutely enamored with my newborn and his stroller. She was asking me if she could push it around (no) she was getting super close to my newborn (stop) and was generally just being annoying. Ffs at one point when I wasn't looking and was preoccupied with my own kid, she went digging in my diaper bag and throwing my stuff onto the chair and the floor. My newborn was really fussy because we were there for a sick visit and he wasn't feeling well, and I DID NOT feel like entertaining some strange kid. 

I tried being polite about it "Sweetie where's your mommy?" -points to mom- "Ma'am!" -points to kid- The lady would call her kid back, but the kid just kept coming back to me. Rinse and repeat. I told her she needed to stay with her mom. Little punk deadass says "I don't wanna" and keeps trying to touch my son, my stroller, our stuff. 


Finally, I'm trying to fix a bottle of formula while holding a screaming baby and listening to this little girl like a broken record "why is your baby crying? Why is your baby crying! make him stop! I don't like that" And her and her annoying self knocks my bottle of formula off the table and into my stroller. So now I'm out formula, kid still screaming, and I have a huge mess that I don't have a great way to clean up. 

I'm at my wits end. I raise my voice at this kid. "LOOK WHAT YOU DID. I AM NOT YOUR MOM, I AM NOT YOUR BABYSITTER. YOU ARE BOTHERING ME. GET OUT OF MY FACE!!" 

People looked at me like I was the biggest bitch on earth. A lady speaking Spanish actually did call me a bitch. The little girl starts crying. I'm not apologizing. The mom confronts me, I tell her she should have been watching her kid and that's the hill I'm prepared to die on.

So reddit, AITA?I (F20) recently had to move back in with my dad, step-mum and 2 of my step-brothers (15 and 17). 

The last time I lived here was 2-3 years ago. Back then I remember getting very pissed off when my step-mum asked me to stop using the bin in the toilet to put my waste sanitary products and use the one in my room (on the other side of the house) because she didn’t want her boys to see it. 

Now it’s not like I was leaving used tampons and pads out in the open, everything was and still is, wrapped up so no blood is on show. 

Anyway I never stopped using the toilet bin. 

Now I’m back she’s started a new thing. Moving my small zip up bag full of my sanity products, that I keep next to the toilet, and slightly open (for easy access), when I’m on my period, to under the sink zipped up. 

I personally think I absolutely should not be hiding the fact I have a vagina and it bleeds. Her boys will grow up thinking it’s gross and something that needs to be hidden. I would just feel sorry for the girls they end up with. And I just want to be comfortable in the house I’m living in.

Edit: for more info, this isn’t a random house I’ve moved back into. I’ve lived here since I was 3 before my parents got divorced when I was 7. My step mum and her kids moved in when I was 12(ish). I moved out at 17-18 for multiple reasons. 

So this is just as much my house as it is hers, arguably more.My mom left my dad when I was 17 (I’m 29 now) and had a new boyfriend literally straight away. We all suspected that she was cheating with this dude beforehand but there was never any proof and she even to this day refuses to admit it. She had 2 more kids with this guy. 

When my mom and dad broke up I moved out to live with my dad who had moved back in with his parents. The major reason for this was because she told me to leave as I kept fighting with her new dude. I really did NOT want to deal with a new guy in my moms life and I was really upset that she didn’t give a shit about how much pain my dad was in. When she told me to leave...Something in me changed and I am still unable to forgive her. That solidified bc my 14 year old sister stayed with my mom for a year and then begged to come and live with my dad because she hated it so much at my moms place. And my sister and mom were CLOSE so for my sister to feel that way it must have been bad. 

Since I was 18 my grandparents kept pushing me to start a business bc I like to tinker and had built a few specialised tools for a niche construction industry that my dad was in and they saw potential in me. They gave me a lot of money as an investment (actually they re mortgaged their house that’s much they believed in me) and basically, I majorly lucked out and managed to land some national contracts at 24 that turned into more than a few millions of dollars over a few months when the business boomed. The profit trajectory has risen since then and basically, I’m living a life I never thought would be for a shmuck like me. 

I moved my dad, sister, and grandparents out to the east coast a couple years back and we’ve started a new life. I am surrounded by people who see and saw the best in me and I’m grateful so much bc I was seriously messed up after my mom blew our family apart. 

For the last couple years or so my mom has been on my case to reunite with her. She is getting increasingly more insistent that I go visit her and her boyfriend and kids and keeps trying to guilt trip me because my sister has a much more privileged life now and my younger two half siblings don’t. She keeps telling me that ‘even if I don’t forgive her I should look out for the kids as they’re innocent in all this’ 

AITA because day to day I have no interest in helping her or her family? IMO she made her bed and she can lay in it but the guilt eats me alive sometimes. I just can’t forgive her though.My grandpa passed away a few months ago and I inherited a little over $4 million from his estate. I had no idea he had that much money and was honestly not expecting to receive anything, as I assumed it would all go to my mom. 

After I got over the initial shock, I took the opportunity to finally quit my job (which I really hated), as I don’t have any outstanding debts and can easily live off of $40,000 a year. I’m pretty introverted and am more than happy to stay at home working on art/music/other interests and gaming.

Ever since I inherited the money, my boyfriend has been pressuring me to cover all of the rent and utilities (about $1200 a month) for our apartment and start putting money away into a joint savings fund. I would be happy to do this if we were married, but we’re not. We’ve only been dating for a year and a half, and I would prefer to keep our finances separate. Despite not working anymore, I still pay my half of the rent every month and have started paying for a housekeeper to come in and clean a few times a week, so our apartment is nearly always spotless and looks great. 

I told my boyfriend he isn’t entitled to my money and he said I was being selfish for expecting him to still contribute to the rent when I could easily afford to pay for the whole thing. AITA?So, right now I'm in kinda a shitty situation. I've been treating my ex-fiance pretty cold and demanding a paternity test for the child she's caring. All of my friends are saying i'm being a major asshole but I don't feel that way, heres the story.

I knew my ex for almost 10 years. We go back all the way to high school and have been friends. After we graduated I said fuck it and asked her out and we became a couple. We dated for almost 6 years before she came to me and told me she was pregnant. I won't lie, I loved her at the time and this was actually quite exciting to me so i proposed. She, however, seemed super worried. I sat down and talked with her about it. I told her that even if she did decide to terminate the pregnancy I would be by her side and still wanted to marry her. She was super awkward about it but decided to keep the child and accepted my proposal.

These past 7 months have been a roller coaster. She moved in with me and we began getting ready for our daughters birth and we were planning on getting married after she is born. That was until a few weeks ago. An old acquaintance from high school reached out to me. I was never good friends with him but he said that he felt guilty about letting an innocent man suffer for his and my ex's mistakes. This guy claimed that he was the father of my ex's child and that my ex had been lying to me. It turns out that my ex and him got reacquainted about a year ago and started having sex. around the time my ex got pregnant they began having unprotected sex. He is not lying about this. He sent me photos of them together and showed me texts between the two of them. I was able to get my ex's phone and confirmed they were real. Along with this, he sent me a string of Facebook messages of my ex admitting to lying to me because I make more money that the real father and she would rather I care for it.

Suffice to say, I was fucking pissed. I confronted her, she cried, I cried, it was a mess. In the end I broke it off then and there and evicted her from my apartment. She's in the process of moving out now but I have not said a single word to her. I have pretty much told her that I want her out of my life. I also demanded a DNA test the minute the child is born. If it is mine, i'll help her support it. If not, then I am never seeing her again.

I've been cold to her. Her and her parents has tried multiple times to "work it out" with me but I've refused any contact with them. At one point she got all of her friends together to try to talk to me and I kicked them out of the apartment with threats of calling the police. Any time she's tried to "Reconcile" i've shut it down,

My friends are saying i'm in wrong here. According to them she's pregnant and because of that I should at least be helping her till the baby is born even if it isn't mine. I disagree fully. But I could be wrong. Am I letting my own emotions hide the fact from me that i'm an asshole?I have three fingers missing on my dominant hand. It's fine. I can type and everything and even manage to tie my shoelaces most days (and on the days I can't, that's the dyspraxia). However, I won't deny that it looks a bit odd to most people. I only have my fourth and fifth fingers so my hand looks a bit like a child's drawing of a rabbit, and not a good one.

I'm used to people asking about it, usually after staring for a good minute or two, but I still find it annoying. I really don't get why you'd think it would be an OK thing to ask someone about, but hey. I wasn't raised in a barn. Usually I nip the questioning in the bud by just explaining the truth from the get go and assuming that enough people will gossip about it that the message will spread by the end of the day (it always, always does).

Anyway, I started a new job about a month ago, and I honestly could not face going through that same cycle again. I felt like the time had come to not play into it any more and to make something out of it - and I decided to make myself laugh. When the first new coworker asked about it, I completely lied and told her that I chewed them off as a baby. I then decided to tell the next person who asked that I cut them off with a plastic knife at a picnic, and the next person that I was born with six fingers and they removed too many, and so on. All genuinely ridiculous reasons but I'm a good actor and they actually believed my stupid lies. I didn't expect them to (a plastic knife... through bone?!) but there you go. Maybe they just thought there's no way I'd lie about how I lost my fingers.

Within about 3 days, I learned that my coworkers had been arguing about the actual reason and it seems like a lot of them now actively dislike me for lying to them. I'm probably going to have to make some cupcakes over the weekend with my super cool 3D printed adaptive whisk to get back into their good books. 

Anyway, I told this story to my brother today and he told me that I was an asshole because I caused tension within the office on my first day and made people feel stupid for being gullible and believing my lies. My argument is that I'm not the asshole because they were asking a rude, albeit common, question and because I didn't do it with the intention of deceiving them, I was just honestly fed up of the question and didn't think they'd think I actually severed three fingers with dental floss when I was 3. I'll accept my judgement, though.

Update: gonna check out here, I think - getting real tired of explaining why it's not cool to ask people why they lost limbs or digits just because you want to sate your morbid curiosity. A few reminders for people: I'm not a male (don't know why everyone assumed that!), don't ask people about something that could be traumatic, especially when you don't actually know them, and when making cupcakes, always cream the butter.Growing up every year around the holidays my mom would make fudge. The story was this amazing fudge recipe came from her grandma who snagged it from a famous candy maker.  My mom didn't get the recipe until she was an adult and we were always told that we couldn't have it until we were 30. 

In my late teens my mom asked me to help make the fudge with her a few times. The recipe is very simple and this was all the exposure I needed to memorize it. I've never once needed to write the recipe down. 

It came out that I had the recipe early and my mom and her mom were both outraged. I was given many warnings against sharing family secrets and told they were disappointed at my sneaking around them. I've never shared the recipe with anyone besides my brother and sister. I don't have the same feelings about recipe hoarding, but I followed tradition. However even now, 15ish years later, I'll get comments about how they don't entirely trust me since I came by the recipe dishonestly. 

Tonight I was reading an article about a chef doing research on secret family recipes for pickled herring. He managed to get copies of hundreds of recipes-200 of them were identical. He traced them back to a cookbook from the 1960s. This got me thinking about our family recipe. 

After not much googling at all I found "our" exact recipe on the website for an evaporated milk company. They apparently have also printed the recipe on cans over the years. 

This leads me to believe that either my grandma or her mother actually got the recipe from a can and lied about it's origin. 

I think this is hilarious and want to share the information. We've been so secretive about a recipe that's in public domain!  There's really no reason to hoard it anymore. 

Would I be the asshole if I shared this knowledge with my mom?Necessary information: When my oldest son was 16 he got his girlfriend pregnant. After a lot of trouble they made all kinds of promisses and decided they would care for the baby, this led to the girl getting kicked out by her parents and she came to live with us. Except that when the baby was born, the girl broke up with my son and went back to her parent's house leaving the baby with us.

That was when my husband and I stepped up to help him raise our granddaughter while our son finished his studies and got a job to provide for her. When she was 1 year old he put her on daycare because my husband and I still worked and there was only so much we could do at that point. Once he finished college he rented a place to live with her, the help we provided after that was when he needed to go somewhere and couldn't take her with him or when one of them got sick.

&#x200B;

Now, the issue at hand is not with him, it's with his younger brother. He's 35 and married, he and his wife had my grandson last year, he's 10 months now. My daughter-in-law wants to go back to working and while she can do her work from home, she prefers to work outside. Since I'm retired, my son asked me to take care of my grandson while they work. I asked him for how long he needed me to do it, to which my son replied that they didn't had a plan for it. I asked if they had considered daycare and he said that neither he or his wife were comfortable with it. I also suggested they asked his wife's parents and he said that they didn't had time for it.

&#x200B;

He thought of asking me because I had helped his brother all those years ago and it would "basically be the same thing". I told him that no, it was not. I was 42 then and I'm 59 now, I didn't had the health issues that I do nowadays like back pain and arthritis. Also, he was a married man with a wife by his side, not a 16 year old with a baby.  I would be willing to help them for a short period of time but it seems like they have no plans beyond leaving the baby with me. Now he thinks I'm playing favorites and that I'm pressuring him and his wife to comply with my demands but I think I'm just being reasonable.

&#x200B;

Edit: While it is nice to know that I'm not the asshole, my son has found the post and is now very mad at me for "shaming him and his wife on the internet". I disagree as it was not my intent and I never disclosed any information that could be used to identify them both. He's also very mad about being called an asshole. While he is my son, I find that he needs a wake up call since my conversation with him in private about the issue only made him behave like a spoiled child and his reaction to me looking for input as an anonymous person was to call and yell at me on the phone. I'll let this post stay up and let this be a lesson to him.I work at an office where I’m allowed to have a beard and long hair, but my manager is stringent on the “no jeans policy.” She frequently ensures that no one is wearing jeans and is wearing professional attire. 

Problem is, for the past few months that I’ve been here, the women of the office have always worn jeans. Tight, dark, professional looking jeans, but jeans nonetheless. That is, until a few days ago. 

I love wearing jeans, and have always felt I could make them professional too. I was complaining about it to a friend and coworker when my manager walked into the staff room. She said something basically confirming her stance on jeans. 

I said “Well, the girls get to wear jeans.”

“No they don’t.”

Then, my coworker, Amanda walked in wearing jeans. I pointed that out. My manager confronted Amanda, telling her that she wasn’t allowed to wear jeans. 

In the moment, Amanda appeared playfully mad at me. But I went over her house last weekend, and she brought up the incident twice, again sort of playfully, but I think she may actually be mad. I apologized, saying I didn’t want to ruin jeans for women but to prove that someone can look professional in jeans. 

AITA?

EDIT/ UPDATE: Wow, did not expect all of the responses, though I can’t say I’m surprised about the polarization. At work today, it wasn’t bad. Only one other girl spoke to me, and she too was more playfully mad than anything. I do feel bad that I ruined jeans for the women, though perhaps one day I will work in a place where jeans will be permitted for all. Thank you for all of your input and the silvers!Update [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/b7vz7m/update_aita_for_very_rarelyalmost_never_wanting/)

   I've been with my wonderful girlfriend for a few years now, and we usually get along great, aside from this current issue. You can skip to the TL;DR if the exposition is too long.

She's a self-proclaimed "foodie", which I honestly think is just selling herself short - she's a food genius. She can taste and smell a dish and then turn around and recreate it, or even make it better than the original. 

If you taste something and wonder, 'what's that super subtle flavor?' she'll tell you, 'it's anchovy paste/sumac/lavender/some other obscure spice that you would never think of.' When someone is cooking something and they go, 'it's missing something,' she can tell you *exactly* what it needs.

(It doesn't stop there, she knew I had *touched* a diesel truck at work one morning as soon as I walked into the house *that night* because she could somehow smell it on me. It's either really cool or really creepy, depending on the day.)

That's not it, either. She *heard about a lost family recipe* and the next week, BAM, I'm eating my grandmother's homemade sausage again for the first time in fifteen years. 

It's gotten to the point where I don't see any point in going out to eat, pretty much ever, except maybe her birthday. Even the most exotic ingredients aren't out of her reach, either, and, even though it's not about cost, I've saved up more being with her than I ever had in any other relationship. The only places we really go for date night is ramen - she can't figure out how to make the noodles, but she still tries so it's just a matter of time - and sushi.

Our anniversary was recently, and I had noticed that our local fish counter was selling sushi grade fish, along with the rolling mats and nori, so I suggested that we have homemade sushi for our anniversary dinner before going out and she upset and said, "I'm not learning how to make sushi because then I'll *never* get a real date ever again." We ended up going out instead.

It kinda took me by surprise that she got so mad, though. She's *lightly* mentioned wanting to go out occasionally to places like Olive Garden "because she likes the red sauce" or other places because she likes the food, and now that I'm thinking about it, she's gotten kinda gloomy because I've asked her to cook on date nights instead of going out more often.

She also brought up that food she cooks tastes better to me because she's tasting and smelling it while it cooks so her senses are dulled by the time it's served, but she has the most acute sense of smell/taste I've ever seen so I kinda think it's just an excuse.

I just don't think it's worth it to go out and pay restaurant food prices when we can stay home for home food prices and have food that's just as excellent.

TL;DR: So, Reddit, am I the asshole for not wanting to pay a restaurant to cook my meals because I practically have a private chef of my very own?

Edit: it's not about the financial aspect of staying home vs going out, I just thought that it was worth mentioning because it's been more of a saving than expected.

Edit 2: I'm taking her out tonight to grovel, guys. I'm also going to politely ask that, if she finds this off of Twitter, please don't smother me in my sleep for being such a dick

Edit3: no, twitter, I don't buy her flowers, thanks for rubbing it in. I buy her herbs and succulents. What flowers do I buy a woman who likes to preserve them afterward?

Also, yes, I wash the dishes

#Final Edit:

Okay guys. This will probably be my last edit. This post exploded unexpectedly and I've tried to respond to as many comments as I can, but there's just too many of you. If you've asked me a direct question and I haven't answered, I'm sorry. My inbox is a mess.

I really took everything you guys gave said to heart, and I can honestly say that I've been an ass, and it's really hurt my relationship with my girlfriend. It's honestly a surprise that she's still my girlfriend after everything.

So her mom picked up the girls and I took her out to a really nice tapas restaurant. She was very excited and seemed to enjoy herself, and I apologized for being stupid. After, we took a walk and everything seemed perfect, so I asked her to marry me.

She said no. She did it kindly, but she still said no. She said that it wasn't a no forever, but she didn't want to commit to a one sided relationship and also said she doesn't think that it's fair that our relationship happens on 'my schedule' or 'my terms'. 

I'm pretty heartbroken. I thought everything was pretty okay between us, but she thinks we should go to pre-marital (pre-engagement?) counseling and the division of labor needs to change over a serious sit down conversation.

So, Reddit, you were all right. I'm the asshole who almost lost the love of my life, and most of you were right - it wasn't over restaurants.

So I posted about a month ago about my sister requesting I wear a long sleeve ankle length black dress to her lakeside wedding in summer, while being 9 months pregnant and I’ve gotten many requests to update 


Well, I ended up having my baby like 3 days after making the post so I was in the hospital when the wedding happened, so I didn’t go. My sister was there when I pushed her out and apologized for being a bridezilla so all is well and I have a cute baby.

Sorry that this was an anticlimactic update but I give the people what they want.



ETA: sorry guys no baby tax. I’m not comfortable posting photos on a public forum, especially with some creeps and assholes on here.

Wow I’m an idiot I should absolutely update what happened at the wedding sorry I got that mommy brain

She still wanted everyone to wear black, but she did go lax on style. So like, kind of a redemption arc? The photos look nice, if not a little dreary. She thought black would make things look classy. She looked beautiful tho so mission accomplished.Heya. 

So this happened a few days ago, and I'm still pretty worried about whether I'm an asshole or not. 

I take the bus to and from work and it's quite a long commute. Background: 

 I have epilepsy. I have a seizure alert dog, and he comes with me on the bus. Because hes trained to do all kinds of support tasks, hes a large breed dog (sheepdog/poodle cross). 

Ive had a lot of seizures on the bus, so I have a hard time mentally dealing with the commute every day. To accommodate his size and to make me comfortable, I sit in the disability seating section if it's available so he can lay beneath/between my legs and out of the way. 

Now onto the story: 

I'm on the bus ride home, and I found a seat in the disability section. I was about 2 stops from my home, and  I was starting to have a few auras, so my dog turned around and was facing me/alerting me. The next thing I know, I see a flash. 

I look up, and a man sitting near me was holding up his phone and taking a picture of me. I was in a bit of a rough state, so I asked him to delete it. I was probably firmer than I usually would be, but my dog was alerting me and I had about 10-15 mins to get home. 

The man was stuttering and saying things like "I just wanted a picture he was being so cute and I saw his ID badge (he has one attached to his vest that says "seizure alert dog")." I asked him again to delete the pic and then he goes "my daughter has epilepsy and it would be important to her to see a working seizure alert dog" 

I told him there were plenty of resources online and made him show me that he deleted it. 

I was then at my stop and ran home.

I felt bad, because I do epilepsy activism work so I felt for him but I was really uncomfortable with someone taking a picture of me while my seizure alert dog in the disability section just felt wrong. 

Should I have just let him keep the picture? AITA?

Edit to clear up some things: 

-I dont care about legality, just the asshole nature of the situation
-I'm a female :) 
-I live in Canada
-While I dont have exclusive photosensitive epilepsy, flashing lights make my auras worse 
-If he had asked me, I would have gotten out of the way and let him take a picture of my dog. Hes super cute so I get it.



Edit: I didnt know about the dog tax! Attached: [The headshot my work took for our HR Directory! ](https://imgur.com/a/Xm2lRpc)I went on a dinner double date with my girlfriend, my girlfriend’s friend Amy, and Amy’s boyfriend. We’re all in our early 20s. My girlfriend hangs out with Amy quite often. I see her from time to time, but I’ve never cared for her cheeky attitude. The tipping point was tonight. 


Dinner was going alright until Amy’s boyfriend innocently commented on how little my girlfriend ate. She usually gives me half her entrée. After that, Amy, who isn’t stick thin like my girlfriend, snidely remarked that my girlfriend wouldn’t need fake boobs if she ate like a real woman. 


I loudly told her to watch her fat goddamn mouth and that her comment was both rude and unnecessary. Amy isn’t overweight by most standards, but that adjective slipped out because of what she said prior. Many people turned their eyes toward us. 


My girlfriend and Amy’s boyfriend tried to quell the ruckus, but Amy got up and told me to have fun with my Barbie doll before she motioned Amy’s boyfriend to get up and leave with her. Don’t worry, you pay before you get your food at this restaurant. 


My girlfriend and I talked about Amy. She kept saying that Amy and some of her friends make those comments all the time and they don’t mean them to be derogatory. I tried to convince my girlfriend that no friend would make those types of comments and she’s better off without someone like Amy in her life. 


My girlfriend still thinks that Amy didn’t mean to hurt her with the “real woman” and “Barbie doll” comments and I didn’t read the room correctly. She told me she feared Amy not wanting to be friends with her anymore after my creating a rift between them. I couldn’t get though to her no matter how much I tried.This seems like a really weird meta post, but I just wanted to warn people that Captain Sparklez, a YouTuber with a high child/teenager viewer base, spent almost a whole Trails episode talking about this sub. It's bound to get us some new subscribers and bring up that young sub number.

It seems like it's good for people to remember that at any point the advice they are reading regarding their 20 year marriage might just be coming from someone who isn't even old enough to buy a drink, or shave. The thought of marriages and careers and lives being changed all because a 15 year old with no life experience told you to "get out" is actually incredibly scary to me.

This isn't to say no 15 year old is ever going to have good advice. Honestly I knew a lot of teenagers who were more adult than any of the 30 years olds I know to this day. But it is still incredibly important to remember your advice and judgement might be coming from a high schooler. Take everything you read here with about a pound of salt, a single grain won't do it.

I *am* the asshole, I already know this, but being the asshole doesn't always mean you're wrong. Sorry, teenagers, but I kind of wish we could give you flair to make it easier to tell if advice is coming from an adult or a child. I wouldn't outright ignore a child's advice, but I would also be looking at their advice differently if I knew their lack of life experience. 🤷🏻‍♀️

Just be careful everyone. And please remember this is a judgement sub, not an advice sub. This doesn't mean we can't give advice, but keep in mind "sub dedicated to helping others" is going to bring in a very different subscriber demographic than "sub dedicated to calling other people assholes." I just don't want to see lives ruined over this sub.I was at a coffee shop and a woman came in with a scooter. At a certain point she went to the restroom, she left the scooter parked outside, went in, and on the way out, as she was trying to get back on the scooter she fell down, pretty bad. 

As I was near, I rushed to see if everything was ok or to see if something serious happened, cause it was a super loud noise.

When she saw me coming near her she said “ don’t touch me I’m fine “, in a really agressive angry voice. 

I said ok, I just wanted to see if she needed any help, and she replied “ I dont need your help”, again super angry. 

I wasn’t the only one that got up and got closer to her, but I was the first one, cause I was sitting right by the restroom

Cool, went back to my table, and saw her struggling to get up. Then one of the baristas came, and asked if she could help, the woman tried to get up again and failed, so she let the barista help her. 

She couldn’t help her alone, as the woman was quite big. So another person went to help, a costumer, but they were still struggling to lift her up.

The barista, which was not present when she refused my help, turned  to me and asked if I could help and I said “ I was trying to, but she told me to back off, so yeah, I’m good”.

I kept sitting down then another costumer came then another working person and then they finally got her up and back on the scooter.

They all gave me dirty looks and everything went back to normal

Am I the asshole for refusing to help her after she was extremely rude and refused my help at first?

Edit: CUSTOMERMy wife wants to quit her job. She wants to be a SAHM to spend more time on with 4 year old daughter and stop leaving her at daycare centres.


In order for her to do that, I would have to sign for a higher paying job schedule, about 2 hours more per day and occasionally half day on Saturdays. I told her that I if she quits her job then I expect her to cover all the housework. I may not be splitting the chores with her, since having longer working hours is rather tiring. I will will help out on weekends but during weekdays I rather rest. 


My wife then told me she that is not a housekeeper and I am being lazy and discriminative against women. I don't really mean that, as I think it is fair that if she stops contributing to our household income she can handle all the housework. I will also become the sole breadwinner and work extra hard to support the family. AITA?


Edit: I admit that I did not really used a nice tone while talking to my wife because I was was having conflicted thoughts on either supporting her choice or trying to talk her out of it. Our household income isn't that high to begin with and it will be difficult to be the only provider. Ofcourse, I also think that my wife has every right to want to spend more time with our daughter and it would be good for both of them.My (20) girlfriend (21) has a very severe phobia of cold things. We live in England, so this is an issue for like, half of the year. She refuses to touch anything that might be cold, including the floor with her feet in winter, door handles, walls, cold water, absolutely anything. She has to run a full bath of very hot water before she has a shower to 'make sure the floor isn't cold'. She also will not eat cold food or drink cold drinks at any time of year. This means that she drinks almost entirely tea and coffee (with the occasional hot juice), meaning she's always anxious because of the sheer volume of caffiene she takes in.

It's winter in the UK right now, so her phobia is in full swing. It's getting ridiculous to see her refusing to do literally anything because she might have to touch something cold. On Thursday, she left her slipper boots on the other side of the bedroom (she had socks on, but took them off when she got in bed) so she called in sick to work and stayed in bed all day. When I got back from work, (I work 8-4, she woke up at about 11, so she waited about 5 and a half hours) she was desperate for the toilet, really hungry, and distressed. Why didn't she call someone to help her? Her phone was on the window ledge so it would be cold. I told her that her this situation is "ridiculous", and she needs to "get some therapy" because she can't live like this, and it's really impractical for her to literally not go to work because of this. It's super annoying and I don't know how she intends to get through life like this.

She was extremely upset and told me that I'm an asshole for not taking her seriously, she said she realises this is ridiculous but she can't help it. I told her she could help it if she tried to get some help. 

Just to add, she is okay going outside in the cold air, but as usual won't touch anything cold.My teacher doesn’t like my first name and always talks about how weird it is, and how my last name should be my first. So she took it upon herself to only refer to me by my last name, on tests she’d even cross out my first name when I wrote it. I kept telling her I preferred being called by my first name, but she laughed it off. So I started calling her by her first name, the first time she was shocked but after a month she just kept yelling to me how I was being really disrespectful. I’ve gotten numerous detentions because of it, but I don’t want to stop until she calls me my first name. So AITA if I keep calling her by her first name.

Edit for more information: I have an arabic name and live in a country where majority of people are Arabs. I should also clarify that in my country we already call teachers by their first name (ex: Mrs. [name]) however I stopped addressing the Mrs and only call her by her name. The country I live in isn’t very well, and school systems are upside which is why it may be different then everyone else’s.https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ebjcyh/aita_for_demanding_the_same_christmas_present_my

Here's the update some of you have been asking for.

I decided I needed a break from my dad and his family so I spent the holidays exclusively at my mom's house. I will most likely not be continuing the week on/off arrangement at my dad's house this year.

The reason I initially got from my dad is that apparently I'm better at getting rides, while my step brother keeps bugging them for rides. And also because my stepbrother is there full time and I'm only there every other week.  I think that's totally bullshit. He knows how difficult it has been to get to my part time job. My stepbrother doesn't even have a job, like damn. And now the custody bs is my problem? I don't think so.

I took the gift card and told my dad not to bother with getting me a car. I'm currently "borrowing" my grandmom's 2002 Corolla and I love it. And all I have to do in exchange is drive my grandmom around whenever she wants. It's awesome. We have a blast going around town.

There were a lot of different judgements on my initial post but at least I know I'm not completely crazy.

People might think I'm being an entitled brat and that's fair. But I was legit so grateful for the gift card. I was freaking out. But I felt so stupid when I found out what my stepbrother got. It's not that I needed a car. I just wanted to be treated equally.

This is the first time ever I've been actually resentful about having my step brother in my life. Which I don't want to feel but it's the truth. They could've bought two cars for what they spent on my step brother's car. 

I don't hate my dad. But I realized that I can't really expect him to do right by me without me bitching about it. He's been sending money to my mother now since I'm here full-time. Some of that money is used to pay for my insurance. 

He does text me a few times a week and I reply but I don't really have long conversations with him. I know he's sorry and he wants me around. But I just need some space from him. It kinda sucks realizing that a parent might not love you as much as you thought they did. But I'm sure our relationship will improve in time.

I'm on track for college this year and I want to focus on school and put all this behind me. I'll be one of the few people from our family going to college so everyone is pretty excited.

So all in all, I think the outcome is pretty positive. 

Thanks guys.I'm 99% sure I'm a megga asshole but I came here to just be sure. 

my sister 23f is a megga pro life advocate, here is the stupid part, I held her hand a year ago when she got her abortion. she never mentions it and I can guarantee that I'm the only one who knew. 

I always feel like she is being super hypocritical because she got an easy access to have an abortion and then wants to take that away from others. 

I was getting sick of seeing her abortion kills babys posts and how she hates pro choice people so I decided to comment on one of her posts. I commented, you where definitely pro life when I held your had last year at the abortion clinic. 

I've now been blocked and she was banned from most of her pro life fb groups. 

AITA?I know the title looks pretty bad but hear me out! 
I’m a native French speaker from Canada, but I have a very pronounced “Acadian/Chiac” accent. For those who don’t know, it’s pretty much a mix of French and English with some local dialect thrown in there. Pretty common in the maritimes, where I still live. I’m perfectly bilingual in both languages.

I started dating my boyfriend, who only speaks English, about 4 years ago and spend a lot of time with his family, they’ve all been really great, except for one of his aunts. She says she was a French teacher in anglophone schools for over 40 years up until a year ago and even studied in France, and she INSISTS on only talking to me in French. I agreed at first since I didn’t want to be rude to his family but it’s getting super weird. I don’t understand how she was able to teach kids English or how she comes up with most of her sentence, like I have to guess 90% of whatever she says and hope I’m right because it makes absolutely no sense. (Example: she said “a la citrouille la tarte va bien dans ma bouche” which roughly translates to “to the pumpkin a pie goes well in my mouth” when she meant “this pumpkin pie tastes delicious”) 
She constantly criticizes my “accent”.  and tries to correct my pronunciation of certain words, and tells me I need to “pick a language” when I accidentally say something in chiac (speaking proper “français standard” is actually getting harder for me since I’ve been only studying/working in English). 

So last night during dinner she started going on about how Acadians were uneducated and made no effort to properly learn a language, which is total BS, and obviously weirdly directed at me. For the rest of the night I stopped guessing what she was trying to say to me in french, acting like I didn’t understand anything, and started correcting her as well - which was pretty much every single sentence she said. I wasn’t trying to be rude or aggressive about it but after a while she gave up on the French and ignored me for the rest of the night.  
Turns out she was super pissed and told everyone I was trying to embarrass her in front of everyone. Looking back I think I might’ve taken it too far by not stopping after 2-3 sentences and I feel bad. My boyfriend said I was being bitchy while his mom said she probably deserved it. AITA here?


EDIT: Forgot to mention that I told her a few years ago that it’s hard for me to fully speak proper French as I spoke chiac all my life, tried to explain Acadian culture (she wasn’t having it, surprise) and she stopped for a while but is now doing it again.I've \[F21\] recently encountered a new sexual partner. We used a condom, but after words I felt a little uneasy as to this was the first time I have ever hooked up with someone I just met. My previous sexual partners have all been someone I have developed deep connections with in some kind of way. While condoms greatly reduce the chance of contracting a STI, it cannot provide ABSOLUTE protection. A few days ago, I noticed my discharge changed to a white substance that's different from my normal discharge and the first thing that came to my head was an STD. I have never had one before and I have no idea the symptoms, but an STD was all I could think about. 


I went to an urgent care because I wanted to see if there was maybe a simpler answer to this problem  (yeast infection or UTI) and if not, I wanted to send my urine off for an STD screening.  My doctor asked me a series of questions (when did you become sexually active, when was your last sexual partner, how many sexual partners, etc.) , all of which I was up front and honest about so she could better treat me. 


It came time for her to make a diagnosis and tell me the best course of action. She says based on my symptoms, I am showing hallmark signs of a yeast infection, but she will send my urine off for a culture and STD screen along with a swob from my vagina so she can tell what type of yeast is growing down there. 


As I'm about to get my keys and stand up to walk out, she says "Dear, will you sit down for just another moment." I sat back down and looked up at her, curious as to what she wanted to talk about. "With all of that being said, you're 21 years old, you really need to guard and protect your character,". I looked at her like "what the fuck" and she continued "well you know, guys get to have sex all they want and nothing bad comes out of it for them but you know us as women we can't be doing that as much because we have to protect our character,". At this point, I was pretty fucking angry. You could tell by my silence and the way my lips were pressed together. I thought that maybe it couldn't get any worse, then she proceeded to say "you're going to want to have kids one day, and the way you're living your life now could really hurt you and your chances of having a kid with a good man,".

I was open and honest with this woman in hopes that it would help her better treat me and in turn I get slut shamed for it? I posted this in a forum about sexual education and I was getting advice to report her to HR. I don’t want to go after anybody’s job, but I don’t want other women to have to go through this same thing just for having sex. 

Will I be the asshole if I report her to HR or should I leave it alone?

Edit: For everybody asking, I was literally in too much shock to say anything to her at the moment. I just kind of stared at her because I immediately felt embarrassed and regretted the information I shared with her so openly. So after a couple of seconds she said “I appreciate your openness and honesty tho” (like that mattered after anything she just said 😩) and opened the door for me to leave so I just said “thanks” and left. I was too embarrassed and in too much shock to say anything in the moment. Trust me, I wish I would have but I wasn’t even thinking about going off on her. I was just embarrassed. 

Also, she was a nurse practitioner. I know a couple of times I referred to her as a doctor, but her official title was NP. 

And for everyone slut shaming me even further: sorry ur insecure that I’m having more fun than u 😘


UPDATE

Before I start off with the update, I want to address some of the negative comments in the original post. 

1) I am not heartless, and in the original post I even directly said I did not want to go for her job. That was never my intention and I even explicitly said that. 

2) for ever man calling me a slut: you’re obviously insecure in the idea that women can have sex for pleasure, just as you can. I also explained how this was my first time ever hooking up with somebody I just met, so “closing my legs” or “quit being easy” doesn’t fucking apply. In Game if Thrones, every single “whore” had one thing in common and that’s that they enjoyed sex. So if enjoying sex and using it for pleasure makes me a whore, then sign me the fuck up! 

3) For teenage girls/young girls sexually active: if you come across this post, just know that it is very unprofessional for health care providers to pass judgment on your sexual life. What you decide to do with your body is really nobody’s business despite what other people are saying on this thread. 

Now to the update: 
I called the urgent care and asked to speak with either a patient advocate or NP supervisor. They didn’t have a patient advocate and the doctor overseeing the NPs was out, so they let me talk to the manager of the clinic. 

First and foremost, I explained to the manager that I in no means wanted any disciplinary action taken. I did not want her to lose her job, but maybe be given a talk or PIP to improve her service and not use personal beliefs or judgment when taking care of patients. 

I explained to her everything that happened and before I could even say who the NP was, she knew EXACTLY who I was talking about...which confirmed that she’s most likely been this way towards other patients previously. 

I then explained how I confided in her and that I came into the office for medical advice and not personal judgment and her using my openness to pass judgment has made me weary about being open with doctors in the future. I explained that her words didn’t hurt me, just my future interactions with health care providers AND future interactions with her other women patients. 

The lady was very nice, and once my complaint was heard she said she’d “call the doctor (her supervisor)” right away and to expect a call from him on my cell. She also said she was placing a note and that the NP wouldn’t be back in the office until next Monday. 

With all of that being said, thank you to everyone for your advice! You’ve truly been so helpful. 

And for the people calling me a slut for this, I hope to God this same thing doesn’t happen to your daughter, your mother, your sister, your aunt etc.Throwaway. Long time lurker, first time posting. 

I am the oldest daughter of 4 children. I’m currently 25, 2nd oldest is 23, 3rd is 20, and youngest is 18. 

When I was 8 years old, my mom had an affair with a family friend. I, being the oldest has remembered most of it and my younger siblings only remember growing up with our parents co parenting. 

This has put a strain on my mothers and I’s relationship- she cheated on my father who was battling cancer. 
She didn’t even try to keep it a secret from the kids, I remember during family/friend gatherings when everyone would be inside and I’d see my mom and the family friend kissing or doing things in the pool. As a kid I didn’t understand, but as I got older I realized what she was doing in front of us and I feel sick. 

People ended up catching on to their affair years later, and my mom left my dad and started a new relationship with this “family friend”. They split up shortly after that because he cheated on my mother. 

I’ve confronted her about this after my dad passed and we all went to see a family therapist. This was roughly 3 years ago. 

My mom has since remarried to an incredible man, but recently she was out and bumped in to this man from her past. They exchanged emails and she confided in me that they have been sending emails back and forth and are planning to meet up to chat and catch up. I read the messages and it’s very apparent that the guy still has feelings, while my mom is trying to make it seem like she’s just catching up with an old Co worker. But I know my mother, and I know she is still slightly infatuated with this man, and flattered that he still wants her. I mean it’s been years, why else would you want to catch up?

My new step dad knows about her past, and while he doesn’t agree with it, it’s been years, he wasn’t in her life yet.

She asked me what I thought about her meeting up with him, and said something along the lines of needing closure. She asked for my honest opinion about the matter and I told her; 

“To be honest mom, you dealing with this guy in the past ruined yours and daddy’s marriage and you guys had 4 kids. Idk why you think it wouldn’t ruin this one, but why don’t you stop being a whore and stop thinking with your pussy, and delete this guys damn email?”

She cried, said she couldn’t believe I just called her a whore and left my house. We haven’t spoken for a few days.

Today, I got a call from my siblings saying I hurt my moms feelings and whatever happened betweens her and daddy’s marriage was between them. I disagree, I had to witness my mom cheating on my father, I watched him die in bed while she was off to god knows where with this man. She asked for my opinion and my opinion is that she’s selfish and a whore who left my dad to die on his own and she wants to rekindle with this man and possibly cheat on my new step dad? Sorry I’m not sorry for feeling some type of way about it.When my wife \[32F\] and I \[32M\] got married eighht years ago, she made about 15K more per year than I did. Our agreement at that time was that we'd keep separate checking accounts plus a joint for household expenses, with the understanding that money left over after contributions to household expenses, savings, retirement, etc. would be put in the separate accounts and we could spend it how we wanted. My wife was the one who insisted on this, and although I was not a fan (wanted joint accounts for all funds), I agreed since she felt strongly about it.

&#x200B;

A few years after we married I decided to go to law school. Long story short, I ended up at a big law firm and now earn about four times what my wife does. Since I managed not to go into debt, I have a good bit of money left over after I make my contributions to our joint expenses.

&#x200B;

My wife  asked me to reconsider this arrangement (she doesn't feel like its fair that I get to buy most of the things I want while she is on a much more limited budget), and I told her I would not reconsider it since this is what she wanted originally. I think fair is fair since this was her idea, but I do wonder if  I am wrong for refusing to reconsider our financial arrangement?

&#x200B;

AITA?So right now both of my kids (16 year old son and 9 year old daughter) and my ex are extremely mad at me because I won't give up my appointed time with them. My son wont even talk to me and my daughter is crying all the time. 

&#x200B;

A little backstory. Me and my ex divorced shortly after my daughter was born. I blame him for it and he blames me. I won't go into detail here. We ended up with a 50/50 custody agreement switching every other week. While this was 8 years ago we're still not on good terms. We rarely ever talk to each other outside of the kids and i'm perfectly fine with that. One thing we have agreed on since the beginning though is that we don't plan things on days that aren't ours. And unless it's extremely important we don't "switch" days or weeks. In the 8 years since we've been divorced I have never asked him to have the kids on a day that isn't mine and I've never given him one of my days even if he begged. 

&#x200B;

Well, last week my ex contacted me and told me the "good" news. His parents are hosting a week long family reunion in the summer at Disneyland and he want's to take the kids. Well, the problem is that it's on one of my weeks. He asked me to let the kids stay with him that week or to switch a week with me and I shot him down. It's my week with them and I get to spend it with them. I told him if it's so important to him to reschedule but he claims his parents can't do that and this is the only week that the whole family can go and he told me that I need to "think of them". I told him "tough luck" and hung up on him.

&#x200B;

Well, this last Sunday when my ex dropped the kids off with me my son refused to talk to me at all and my daughter wouldn't even look at me. When I asked my ex what was wrong he refused to talk to me, only saying "ask them" in a snarky tone before leaving. When I asked my daughter what was wrong she burst into tears and said that i was "not letting daddy take them to Disneyland". Asking my son (who still refuses to talk to me) it turns out that my ex told them I was not letting them go to Disneyland with him. He's trying to paint me as the bad guy. I sat both of them down last night to talk to them and explain it's my week with them but they refused to listen to me. My daughter just cried and my son told me i'm only doing this to get back at my ex.

&#x200B;

I'm not though. I think its unfair for him to do this when his parents scheduled it during my time with them. I demanded an apology from my ex and him to set things straight but he refuses, and his last text to me being "can't tell them the truth cause they already know it". 

&#x200B;

I'm so pissed right now. Am i the asshole because my ex scheduled something during MY time with MY kids? How is it my fault that i'm only using my right to spend time with them? Hi everyone, I'm your friendly, neighborhood subreddit founder.  The rest of the team and I have been busting our humps day in and day out moderating away the very worst vitriol and troll traffic we find in this space and we think we've earned the right to consider our growing forum **NOT the most evil place on reddit**...maybe even not bottom five.  This is just ducky, but we think we can do more to make this a positive and generous place, even if we can't get y'all to behave all the time.   In addition to being really jazzed about telling others how to act, we have also discovered that we're a cabal of unapologetic dog lovers punctuated by a few weirdos who like cats.

With that in mind, we've decided to try to do some good with our moralizing, finger-wagging forum by trying something new:

# The Rescue Dog of the Moment

If you miss the cute segment on morning news when they bring out a group of local shelter pets, to get them a publicity bump, but you never get to see that because *who the hell is watching local morning news anymore,* then this post is for YOU!

# [This is Hazel](https://imgur.com/gallery/tAqmmCX)!

Hazel is a 4 year old Rottweiler/Boxer(?)/Pittie(?) who's been living in her foster home for 2 years waiting for her furever home.  She's healthy and happy.  She is a sweet, gentle lady who loves to kiss faces and is prone to occasional bursts of silliness.

She's available to adopters in and around New England.  If you'd like to consider giving Hazel the home she richly deserves, her adoption profile is here: [https://bigfluffydogs.com/our-dogs/hazel-3/](https://bigfluffydogs.com/our-dogs/hazel-3/) (And if you DO eventually adopt her, be sure to come back here to brag so you can be sub hero for a week!)

If you aren't in the Northeast, but have the kindness to adopt a dog in need, try searching for a rescue organization on [Petfinder](https://www.petfinder.com/animal-shelters-and-rescues/search/). I promise that there are many great dogs and probably many great rescue orgs in your area!

**Some ground rules:**

The way it works is we're going to sticky this post until Hazel gets a home with a "furever" family.  We're not going to show you a dog and say he's on death row.  We're not going to shock or depress you with a canine trainwreck and ask for donations for vet bills.  We'll just keep one happy pup's picture up, while she's safe in a loving foster home, and hope that you'll share her pics and check out her rescue site until somone takes this lovable little fuzzface home.  If a subscriber does adopt her, we'll even keep her  sticky post up for a while after adoption, giving the adopter plenty of time to brag about their new furkid and post happy pictures of their new best goodgirl at home.  **Let's see if 1.5 million potential assholes can bring a family together before the year's over!**

If you don't want to see rescue dogs, all you have to do is ignore one sticky post, quit yer whining, and enjoy the sub as usual.

Full disclosure, I'm a board member of Hazel's rescue.  No money is changing hands and no considerations are being offered or transferred between us.  I just want to make room for one more deserving dog to get out of the shelter system and get as many of you thinking about fostering, rescuing, and adopting-not-shopping as possible.

P.S. If you happen to be Chrissy Teigen, please tweet about this!

*Edit:  It seems there is a substantial group of people with hatred for dogs or specific breeds out there on reddit, and they have come to this discussion to try to spoil a good thing with baseless accusations fueled by paranoia. Whenever any dog has shown the slightest interest in chasing cats (or in Hazel's case, because she has chased squirrels and rabbits in her foster's yard), the rescue puts the exaggerated statement "They think that cats are tasty treats" into the Petfinder description so that no one with a cat becomes interested, and we never have to risk an adopter irresponsibly mixing that dog with their cat. Hazel has NO history of aggression against people or cats.  --Anyone saying she was abandoned because of either of these things is making up stories.--*  

*Out of abundant concern, the rescue will not place her with any households that will mix her with cats. As for small children...there is no history of aggression toward people of any age. It's my feeling that a healthy and friendly 65lb dog who occasionally runs around with excitement can knock little kids down and bump them by accident. (Ever have a dog headbutt you because you were leaning over them when they decided to jump up? That kind of thing.) The rescue will explain her energy level in detail to any family with small children who applies and let them decide if they think their child is old/large/mature enough to handle this. In some cases, the rescue will make that evaluation and not approve the application. This is a very thoughtful, careful process that is carried out in private between the individual who applies and the co-ordinator who knows the dog much better than I (or anyone in a comment stream making gross assumptions) does.*This happened last year but since it still gets brought up during arguments every now and then and I just discovered this Subreddit I decided to check what you guys think.

Me and my wife have two children (15F & 11M). My wife is a stay at home mom since the birth of our second child. I (46M) work full time and earn a six figure salary. My job is highly stressful, requires me to travel a lot and mostly sleep in hotels. I only get to come home to my family on every second weekend, on average. Despite working a lot, I am glad to do it so that my family can live a comfortable life.

Last year, I decided to buy my wife a Roomba for Christmas. My wife tends to be the one who vacuums the house so I presumed that she would like this present as it would free her of this chore.

As she unpacked the present, she was heavily offended and did not hesitate to show it, which made the whole situation quite uncomfortable as my parents and other members of the family were also present. She argued that 'this should not be a present directed at her but at the whole family, as it is the entire family’s responsibility to clean up the house'.

Since I work and am the sole source of income in the family and she is a stay at home mother, I think it is apparent that she should take on responsibilities such as taking care of the kids and maintaining the house. The gift was intended to somewhat relieve her of this burden. I, personally, would have loved to have received a Christmas gift that would have somehow made it possible for me to spend less time working. As cheesy as it sounds, I think that time is one of the most precious gifts and that Roomba would have definitely bought some time for her - time that she could use to do whatever she pleased instead of vacuuming. 

Unfortunately, one year later, this still often gets brought up during arguments, often coupled with her crying.

So, AITA in this situation?

EDIT: I should also add that I would have never gifted my wife a vacuum cleaner or anything along these lines. I saw the Roomba as a robot that would fully take over this task which is why I thought it was a good idea.

EDIT #2: I asked her numerous times before Christmas last year what she would have liked to receive and she repeatedly told me that she does not want anything. I was left to guess and chose the most practical gift that I was certain she could be able to make use of.So this didn't happen recently, but it was brought up last night and my boyfriend seemed to get really mad about it, so I figured I would bring it to the group to see if I'm the asshole or not.

My boyfriend has terrible time management skills and is late for everything.  I absolutely hate it because I am the kind of person that believes if you're not 10 minutes early, you're late.

For an example, we were invited to a family lunch a few years ago.  Everyone was meeting at a restaurant at 11:00am.  We live 10 minutes from said restaurant and my boyfriend waited until 10:55 before getting in the shower or attempting getting ready.  We were an hour late meeting the family, who was already well into the meal when we arrived.

A few months went by and another family gathering invite was sent out, with a 'start time' of 1:00pm.  Knowing that he is terrible at getting ready and leaving on time, I told my boyfriend that the event started at Noon, not 1:00.  And just as I figured at just before noon, my boyfriend started to get ready.  We show up at 1:00, him thinking we're now an hour late, only to find out that everyone else is just getting there too.

So last night we got to discussing things and it got brought up how  I had lied about what time the event started.  I know it's a shitty thing to lie and he pointed out, if I can lie about something like that, whose to say what else I'd be lying about.  I told him he was right to feel like that, but reminded him that I don't have locks on my phone and he knows the passwords/pin numbers to all my accounts so he's more than welcome to check and see if I'm 'hiding something'.  I explained that I only did it because he has terrible time management skills and can't seem to be anywhere on time.  In my opinion, being repeatedly late to things is rude and it's a terrible skill to be teaching his children.

He doesn't have any kind of problems with his family, so there is no reason that he would want to limit his time with them and it's not like these gatherings are boring/unfun events (the one I lied about the start time was actually a family paintball game, which we love to play).

I've learned my lesson and don't plan on doing it again in the future, but I just have to know if I'm the asshole for lying to try and get him to be on time for something that is important to me.


Edit:  So I posted this before I left for work when there was only a handful of comments and wasnt able to check it all day.  I certainly didn't expect it to get this much attention, let alone 20,000 upvotes.

Though I haven't yet gotten a chance to read through or reply to any messages or comments yet, I'd like to thank everyone for their judgements.  Whether you think I'm an asshole or not, you took time out of your life to try to explain your point of view of the situation and I appreciate that.My neighbours are often super loud, blasting music at 2am, yelling, blaring the TV. I’ve gone round various times politely asking if they could be quieter. We have concrete walls and carpet, so for sound to get through they really have to be loud, which they are. They also periodically have loud sex, with the woman screeching. It’s actually turning me off sex. I find them insufferable. 

 As petty revenge, I’m considering recording them having sex and playing it back to them through the walls whenever they’re loud, instead of going round to politely request they stfu at 3am. I feel they know I’m mild-mannered, and they’re taking advantage - that since I’m not a tough guy or something (I’m a young woman), they don’t care. 

I’m in Australia, and I’m pretty sure that kind of recording is legal here.  

WIBTA?BACKSTORY:

I failed my first 400-level  physical chemistry test 2 months ago. I barely passed my second one last month.I noticed I scored significantly below class average on both and the curve wasn’t quite what I expected it to be. (That’s ok, labs + hw keep my grade at a high B)

Side Note: The class is about 60 people. Unbeknownst to me, It fills up quickly every semester because people think the professor is ‘easy’. I didn’t know this. The class just fit my schedule and I certainly didn’t think it was ‘easy’ after those 2 exams.

Here’s the catch: Our professor is old and I noticed during exams that many people were suspiciously using their phones. I heard rumors that someone had posted the test questions to a relatively well-known site (it will remain unnamed)  and some students had used that to score A’s and B’s. (We can’t really use the site for homework help because of our homework structure, but a lot of us use it for test review & test prep, which is extremely helpful). Our tests are LONG -we get 2 and a half hours for each test- which gives these students plenty of time to post the questions and receive the answers online. 

EXAM DAY:

I was EXTREMELY irritated when I heard this. This rage really fueled me and I over-prepared for Test 3. I studied like crazy  for it because I felt like these cheating students were robbing me of points from a regular curve. I was able to finish the test in about 45 mins of the given time. I didn’t know everything, but I felt pretty great about what I turned in.  I was the second student done with the exam and felt pretty good as I wrapped it up. 

Once I finished and began walking out, I looked around and saw a ton of people cheating. I was so angry and so distraught, that I used my free time after the test to go on the site and see if my peers had posted the test questions. Of course they had. I had memorized all of the questions (there was only 6) and found 4 of the questions had been posted online.  I answered ALL of them incorrectly, though I made the process look somewhat legitimate. I realized that if I answered those questions first, the real site tutors wouldn’t answer them in the given time (I was right). 

PRESENT DAY:

I scored a high B, and the curve put my grade at an A. 

I had the fourth-highest score on the exam.

Most students failed, even though I found this test to be much easier and much more manageable than the previous two. I looked at the tests of my peers as we compared results. We always compare the partial-credit points to make sure our grades are fair. I saw that a LOT of them (I’d estimate about 13-15 students based on what I saw ) used the ”fake” methods I had used on those incorrect answers.  More students failed this test than the second test, and it was pretty evident that I’d screwed some of the cheating students. 

I honestly can’t say I feel bad about what I did. I worked hard, and their lazy efforts directly impacted my GPA and my future. 

EDIT: 
A common argument I see here is “See you studied and did better! Just keep doing that!” 
I studied like a maniac. I didn’t go out, didn’t attend meetings, just had total focus on this one test. It’s a completely unsustainable level of study and was only possible because I didn’t have much going on in my other classes.Backstory, I’m 26 and a fairly successful artist. My sister, “Lucy” (24) and her child “Ethan” (9) were at my house during a late New Years celebration. I had a sign posted on my art studio saying “DO NOT ENTER” and specifically made it clear to all guests that nobody was to enter that room. 
I’d also like to note that all my guests were asked to leave their kids at home as this was for ADULTS but ‘Lucy’ couldn’t do that because she couldn’t find a sitter. Anyway. 

Note : I also set up my boyfriends PS4 for him to play on so he wouldn’t be bored. 

It’s 10pm, and I hear a loud crash from my studio, I run up and see paint all over my recently work that so far had taken 15 hours to do. Ethan was sat there laughing, rubbing paint into my work, it’s now unsalvageable and I have to restart the work, as it was a specific request from a client. Which also puts me behind for the rest of my work now!! 

I immediately asked Ethan and Lucy to leave, and the next day I sent her a bill for the work. £2500 (which is LOWER than I would’ve gotten for the work anyway). 

She’s absolutely screaming about it, the whole family is divided. My mom hates me, my dad completely agrees with me. Surprise, my dad is an artist, my mum is more ‘smart smart’.  My sisters husband agrees with me. 
 
I will admittedly say, I don’t enjoy kids. Or their company. But I’ve always been a great auntie, presents at Christmas, gifts from vacation, everything he’s wanted. 

Am I the asshole for charging my sister £2500?My daughter turns 11 in ~6 weeks. She has been BEGGING for a Nintendo Switch. Due to poor grades & overall bad attitude, we decided not to get a Switch. Money isn’t the issue... it’s her behavior; she acts very entitled & she’s lying left & right. I just don’t feel now is the right time for a Switch.

The theft: 

On Easter, we (my husband, our kids, & myself) are at my husband’s aunt & uncle’s house. Aunt & Uncle have 2 adult children, one of whom is mentally delayed (we’ll call her Cousin); she functions @ about a 10 yr old level but is in her 40s. She lives in an assisted living apartment & has a job where she gets paid ~$5 a week, so she doesn’t get many upscale things unless they are a gift. Well, Cousin had an old game boy that she saved up to buy & was playing while we were there. She eventually set it down & moved on to playing a board game with us while the kids ran around playing.

Well..... this is where it goes to hell in a handbag.

My kid decided to be an epic turd & took the gameboy. She snuck it out of Aunt & Uncle’s by asking if she could go to our car to look for a book she had brought, & stashed it in the glove box. She proceeded to hide the fact that she had the gameboy for several days, even after being asked where she last saw it (her opening to come clean) when Aunt & Uncle called & asked if we had seen where Cousin might have left it.

Due to Cousin’s challenges, she was utterly DISTRAUGHT over her missing gameboy. It’s one of the few forms of entertainment she has, & she worked hard to have it.

I’m disappointed about the thievery, but I’m even more upset over my kid’s attitude about being caught. I only found out about it because her sisters ratted her out. Even then she absolutely refused to tell me the truth & tried to pin it on her sisters. It wasn’t until I sat there & thought about it that I knew she was lying to me. Once I told her I knew it had to be her because of XYZ did she finally confess. Her behavior only got worse from there. She refused to apologize when Uncle & Cousin came by to get the gameboy, & had the balls to act like SHE was the one being wronged. 

I feel like I need to drop the hammer on her and send the message home that stealing IS NOT OK. I think that purchasing the Switch (with my daughter’s help from money she would “earn” by doing extra chores) & having her give it to Cousin might be a good way to deliver that message while simultaneously giving Cousin a nice upgrade to make amends.

I mentioned this to a friend & they said this would be a dick move because... BIRTHDAY... I don’t really think that matters, but the comment was enough to make me question myself. What do you think Reddit?

Edit: Thank you all for the replies. I just wanted to let everyone know who is suggesting therapy that we have been taking advantage of that option. 

Also - I do intend on giving my kiddo the opportunity to earn a Switch down the line, just not in such close proximity to this incident. Not sure how or when, since I have a SO to consult, but the opportunity will be provided in some way.



***Edit: I’ll add more context here because some people are making assumptions and saying I’m TA for being a lazy parent. Our therapist is of the opinion that my daughter largely has these issues because of the inconsistent co-parenting relationship her bio dad has with my husband and I. My husband and I are big on structure, boundaries, natural consequences, and following through. Her bio dad is the exact opposite of us. He and his family hardly ever tell her “no” to the things she wants, and give her a ridiculous amount of treats (toys, candy, etc.), and this is causing her to be confused, to struggle with our expectations, and express herself negatively. I assure you, we have been addressing these behaviors for quite some time.A few months ago, I posted [this post]( https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/achoyx/aita_for_very_rarelyalmost_never_wanting_to_go_to/) asking if I was an asshole for not wanting to take my girlfriend out to restaurants. It blew up. It ended up on Twitter. People shared it to Facebook.

The general consensus was, yes, that I am the asshole, and it just went downhill from there. A couple people told me to kill myself, so thanks for that. More than a couple people told me that they hoped my girlfriend broke up with me. 

Well.

After I posted - and proposed and was rejected - things got pretty awkward between us for the first time in five years. She started to get snappy at me easily, she stopped being as affectionate to me, she started making pretty much nothing but casserole. Everything changed - to clarify, she usually liked to make more involved food than casserole.

Then one day, like three weeks ago, she threw down the spoon she was using to serve the thousandth casserole this month, and snipped at me, "Do you seriously fucking think that I *actually like* eating at Olive Garden?"

Guys, she saw the post. She was *furious*. 

She doesn't like Olive Garden - she'll eat there because the kids love it and it's cheap. I was right about the red sauce being non-acidic, but, well, in her words, "she never developed a taste for pasta, she's Latino, do I ever see her make pasta? No. A meal isn't complete without rice. You don't know me at all."

She yelled about Olive Garden for a solid twenty minutes. It wasn't just about Olive Garden, but it was a lot about Olive Garden.

Long story short, we've been separated for a few weeks now, and it's not looking good. She "loves and respects me but feels it's best for her to respectfully disengage" from me for her own personal betterment.

 So, yeah.

TL;DR: I ruined my family by not appreciating my girlfriend. I didn't take her out on dates and I didn't pay enough attention. I would do anything to fix everything.

Edit: To clarify a few things

1. I didn't post on April First.

2. I say that she yelled about "mostly Olive Garden" because she did. She was really embarrassed that a bunch of people on the internet were making fun of her over Olive Garden, where the kids are catered to.

3. She did not call herself Latino. She calls herself Latinx, but I thought Latino would be less confusing. Guess it just made me look like a dick.My lovely girlfriend and I have been together for 8 months. She slept over at my place last night, and in the morning she woke me up saying she had went out and brought back a couple of lattes and pastries from a coffee shop around the corner from my apartment for breakfast.

My issue with this is that my apartment has a two factor entry, first my student ID to scan in and then my key to get back into the apartment (it auto locks).

I asked her how she was able to get back into the apartment and she said that she grabbed my keychain (which has my ID on it in a wallet type thing) before heading out to buy us breakfast so she would be able to get back in. I told her that I didn’t appreciate her violating my privacy like that, and she got upset, saying that she was just trying to do something nice for me. We started to fight about it and I ended up asking her to leave.

Since then, she hasn’t answered any of my texts or calls. When I told my roommate about this he said that I was the asshole because she did something thoughtful for me and I yelled at her about it. I think she was violating my privacy by stealing my keys. AITA?

Edit: I thought it was weird that she took my keys without asking, they could have gotten stolen or something while she was out, I get that she was being nice but why couldn’t she have asked??

Edit 2: and no she still hasn’t responded to me

Edit: I’m at work now obsessing but I know that I screwed up. I had a bad experience with privacy in my last relationship and i guess I’m projecting or something. And no, my girlfriend hasn’t responded to any of my voicemails or texts besides sending back money I tried to send her for the breakfast last night but she might not be awake yet, it’s early in my time zone

Final edit because people keep messaging me: long story short, she texted me and we met for coffee earlier this afternoon. I brought her flowers and apologized for being insane. We had a long talk about my privacy issues from my last relationship.  She chose not to break up with me, she will be getting lots of dates and back rubs in the future.

Also, I am already in therapy but thanks for suggesting itMy friends and I went sightseeing, aware that the weather forecast was warning of heavy rain.

We’re from England, where the correct response to rain is to not acknowledge it, but things are a little different in Japan. It is impossible to walk outside without getting fully soaked. I warned my friends of this and stopped at a shop to buy an umbrella. They were reluctant to get one; either underestimating the rain or thinking they could get one later, if it actually rained.

I warned them multiple times that if it rains, I would not let them borrow my umbrella.

One friend had a raincoat so was mostly fine but the other did not. I reminded them that I would not share a few more times while we were walking. 

Roughly an hour later, it started raining. Hard. It was unlikely to stop raining any time soon and we had a train to catch so we walked in the rain for half an hour to the train station. I stood by my word and refused to let them use my umbrella (which could easily fit 2 people under it). When we arrived, the friend without the raincoat was completely soaked, and the other was far from dry. Neither were particularly happy.

AITA for standing by my word and not saving my friend from the rain?Edit: for all the people asking, Scott's Tots is an episode of the The Office, the plot is Michael made a promise to a group of grade schoolers that he'd pay for thier college. He assumed he'd be a multi millionaire in 10 years when it came time to pay off. The episode centers around him telling the now graduating kids he can't pay for college. I've seen it called the "best unwatchable episode of TV ever" because it's so cringe worthy. I've watched the office 8 times and I skip this episode, it's so painful to watch. Parks n' Rec is a better show though...fight me. 

So how do I begin with this. I am 26 and shortly before my grandma died last year she changed me to the executor of her estate. My grandma became enraged (rightly or wrongly) at my mom, aunts and uncle and basically at the 11th hour rewrote her considerable estate go to my generation (myself, sister and cousins) and one great grandkid (who I call niece because I truly don't understand all the "removed" stuff) so split evenly 6 ways. The condition was if the person was not through college, their share had to be spent on education first, otherwise I would keep it in a trust until they turned 27. The stipulation was as well that the person had to have a 3.5 gpa to get it for school, if not they had to get their grades up or wait until 27 (I really hope this is making sense). Basically under no circumstances do any of the cousins or great grand kid not get their money or do I get to keep it long term. 

My cousin and her daughter (niece to me) came asking me for the money so she can make payments to University of Arizona so she can start next week. Either they didn't know or didn't care about the GPA requirement because when I asked to see her report card from her last semester it showed me she all but failed her last semester. I don't even know how she graduated because she had something like a 1.2 GPA. I asked her how she got into UofA and she said she didn't really know or care, she just was ready to get to school to party. 

I basically said no, that this was not even remotely the stipulations of my Grandma's will and that I will be happy to give her the money for the spring semester if she gets her grades up to a 3.5 this fall.  

That's when all hell broke loose. My mom, aunts and uncle already see me as a target because they are resentful of being written out of the will. My sister and one cousin are fine because they've already gotten their share but my other 2 cousins and niece have started circulating emails that I'm running my own version of "Scott's Tots" because I taking away money that was promised for education. There's also an undertone that I'm keeping the other 3 peoples money so I can save it for myself if they don't go to college. 

No amount of explanation is helping. I've tried to tell them that under no circumstances can I keep their shares. IF they don't go to school, they get the money when they turn 27, no questions asked. No one wants to hear this from me and everyone wants me to give my niece the money independent of her grades (and I imagine my other two cousins will see this as precedent so they get their money well before they turn 27). 

There is really nothing stopping me from doing it. I write all the checks from the trust and while it may not be in line with the will, no one is really going to question what I'm doing. 

I have to admit all the pressure is getting to me, especially the Scott's Tots thing because I don't want to be seen like that. 

Would I be the asshole if I withhold my niece's money for school until she gets her grades up?

Edit: just for my own notes since I’m saving this thread and I guess if might help other people be clear.

Cousin A (nieces mom), 38: paid.

Cousin/sister  J, 32: paid.

Me: paid 

Cousin B, 25: not paid.

Cousin J2, 20: in school.

Niece K, 18: not paid (subject of post).

A, B and K are the ones causing all the issues and calling me 30 times a day.Asking for blunt honesty here because I can't deal with this drama right now so just tell me if I've been an asshole and if so I'll go and apologise. 

I'm currently planning my mother's funeral on behalf of my siblings (they live overseas and are not here yet). My mother and father were divorced but were on good terms. In particular, my mother was close friends with my father's new wife.

This women - my father's current wife - has an ongoing dispute with my wife. They have a long long history of bad blood between each other. Both of them have said extremely hurtful things to one another. Obviously I think my wife is less of an asshole between the two, but both are definitely wrong for saying the things they have.

Anyway even though I really dislike this women, I have to invite her to my mother's funeral service because: 1. She's my father's wife and 2. She was close friends with my mom. My wife was livid at finding out about this and insists I put my foot down and not let her attend the service.

So for two long days she constantly nags me about this bringing it up every hour. I keep telling her the same thing about why she needs to come. I try to compromise by saying if my wife is so uncomfortable she doesn't need to attend, and I wont hold it against her. She refuses this as she wants to be there to support me.

So a few hours ago she brings the topic up yet again and I lose my tempter. I tell her (paraphrasing)

"Just shut up already. You don't get a day in this. You don't get to dictate my mother's funeral for Christs sake. Just leave me alone already."

I did not say it calmly. I yelled it and was definitely angry because I'm busy organising my mother's funeral. She has gone off crying and I'm left wondering if I went too far.

I can't deal with this nonsense and I'm just going to accept whatever judgement is given and go with that.[OG Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cvzd4t/aita_for_not_agreeing_to_house_my_pregnant/)

It's been a little bit more than two weeks since my first post and I guess it's safe to say now that the situation has been resolved in probably the best way possible!!

In my last post, I stated that my sister was still living in the car of her delinquent boyfriend who sells drugs and refusing to come home because my parents had disowned her. At this point, I would like to clarify that my family and I are Chinese and it is common in Chinese culture to "disown" your kids when they do something that largely disappoints or embarrasses you. However, this is not a permanent disownment like many of you have brought up; as long as my sister apologizes sincerely and they can see that she is actively trying to fix her mistake and become better, they will take her back as their daughter. (Another clarification would be for those people who assumed that my dad kept us poor since he was stubborn and wanted to work on his business and not get a real job. His business was a passion project on the side. My dad was working 50 hours a week at two jobs.)

Alrighty, onto what ultimately happened with my sister. Despite the chain of advice I sent her, she ignored me still. I regularly checked in with her over the next week to see how she was and she gave me one word replies until they ultimately stopped. I was growing concerned after she didn't pick up her cell, but then I received a call from my parents!!! According to my mom, my sister had returned home crying and begging for forgiveness. She had a serious talk with my parents where she apologized for her behavior and promised to make amends. My mom was very tearful as well. They scheduled a doctor's appointment for her immediately and I believe she went in the next day.

I had no idea what made her finally break and return home so I texted her (first, I told her I was proud of her for taking action and being mature) and asked if anything happened between her and her boyfriend. At first she was pretty stubborn and kept insisting that she was just over living in a car, but after a while she finally admitted that her boyfriend had requested that *she start selling for him if she wanted to keep living in his car and eating his food that he was sneaking her*. LMAO. What a fucking asshole. Glad my sister finally returned to her senses. She told me she broke it off with him and I sincerely hope that's the truth.

This past Monday, she got the pills to successfully terminate her pregnancy. According to my mom, she was begging that they do is ASAP, which was really a breath of relief for all of us because we were worried she might want to keep it.

The future seems pretty bright right now for her. My parents decided to pull her out of the public school and send her to a progressive private school that some of my close friends also went to (it's a fantastic school and I think it'd be great for her). She's officially starting next Monday. I'm going to visit her and my family this weekend and see how she's doing. :)

TL;DR: Sis returned home safely and apologized to parents. Delinquent bf was forcing her to sell drugs for him in repayment for the hospitality that he has provided her in the form of the backseat of his car and McDonald's. Sis terminated the pregnancy and will be attending a new school next week.

EDIT: Forgot to add that the new school also has a wonderful counseling department. I urged my parents to speak to the head psychologist there and they did and she will be having mandatory weekly meetings with her and another therapist at the school. :)
I married my wife Lia two months ago. I'm also a woman for the record. Lia's mom seems to have a problem with me, or my sexuality or something, Lia is bi and her mom seems to wish she'd stayed with one of her male exes.

So anyway at Christmas, we were taking photos and her mom was like "OP, we want the photos to be family only.." Lia started to protest, like "we're married, mom" but I didn't want an argument so I said "it's ok, I'll take the pictures." 

It was kind of cringy because lia's sister's husband, and cousin and his wife and son were there so there were definitely spouses and children included

 I was kind of annoyed and decided to not take the best ones... Just on purpose, focused the camera on the furniture rather than people, snapped pictures zoomed in awkwardly close, used unflattering flash, didn't hold my hands steady so they were blurry, took pictures on purpose when someone was looking away or coughing or something.

Anyway I took like 30 pictures and they ranged from bad to horrible. And I gave the camera back and said that I hope they find a nice one to frame in there.

After everything, Lia was angry on my behalf, said her mom had no right to treat me like that and I didn't have to say "it's ok" when it was totally rude. And I just started laughing and told her what I'd done. We snuck down to the dining room later that night and she lost it laughing at the pictures I'd taken. She even deleted some of the more decent ones.

We're still waiting for her mom to plug her camera into the computer and see the pictures. We're planning on saying I tried my best but didn't know how to use a dslr camera if anyone says something

AITA for taking bad photos on purpose?Longtime lurker, first time account/posting - I’ve debated posting this for a while now, but since I’ve been so vocal the last few days on this subreddit I figured it was time to find out if I was TA instead of just commenting on others.

My wedding was September 21st, 2019. We had a fairly decent sized wedding. My cousin (on my stepdads side - we are not close whatsoever) and her boyfriend have only been dating not even 6 months at this point. I’ve met the guy once before my wedding and he never shows up to any family functions. We’re all having a great time at my wedding. My husband and I are mingling with guest while everyone dances. 

The next thing I know is my cousins boyfriend asks the DJ for his mike and goes to the center of the dance floor saying he has an “announcement” to make and calls my cousin over. So, I rush over and say, “Nope, no one is getting engaged during my special day especially during my reception. You can get engaged later tonight but not right now. It’s my day. Thank you for understanding.” and I go to walk away. My cousin starts puffing and my aunt (her mom) starts yelling at me and calling me an entitled brat. It causes a huge fight and they all end up leaving. My mom, stepdad, dad, and stepmom all are on my side and were even pissed that they think its okay to do that during a wedding they all paid for. My nana (step dads mom) says I was wrong and told me to apologize and call them over and allow him to propose. Needless to say, it didn’t happen. 

Flash forward to Christmas. Ugh, it was terrible! My stepdads entire side were rude and ignoring my husband and I. And of course, guess what happens! My cousin and her now fiancé announced their wedding date - September 21st, 2020! 

I’m beyond pissed and so not planning to go. It’s my damn one year wedding anniversary! My family is upset that they would do that to piss me off for not allowing them to get engaged during my reception. My cousin says they chose to get married on their one year engagement anniversary. Either way, regardless of the real reason, I’m still upset. Of course, my nana is super excited. 

So reddit, aita for not allowing them to get engaged during my wedding reception and aita for not attending the wedding on my one year anniversary?

EDIT: You guys have been so sweet! I’m trying my best to reply back to every single comment since you all took the time to comment on my post.  (Y’all will get your reply eventually!) Thank you guys so much! It’s totally making me feel better after this messed up situation! 💕So I’m a 21 year old female. I feel like I should say these thing about myself because these are usually what people ask or say when they find out I rarely shave my legs. I’m straight, I’m very feminine, and I just don’t like to waste my time or money on shaving my legs. Also I’m not a hairy person at all! You can barley see my leg hair, arm hair or even my god damn eyebrows. The only time I shave is when I’m dating a new guy in my life and I’ve been with my current BF for 3 years now. Also he doesn’t give a rats ass if I shave my legs. 

So I work for a promotion company where I travel and work at event and festivals. But today I had to go into the office to grab some materials and my boss was there in his office so I stoped to say hi before I left out. 

When I ducked in he awkwardly asked me if we could talk about something. I said sure and came in and he shut the door. He was so red and stuttering but finally he told me we needed to speak about hygiene. I was in literal shock. I was so embarrassed and asked him what he meant. My boss then proceeded to tell me that a few people complained I didn’t shave my legs and they said it went against company policy that I wasn’t being hygienic. I was even more shocked. 

I told him I didn’t understand what that had to do with me shaving my legs and he was just absolutely quiet. I asked him if he shaved his legs and he still said nothing. I then stood up and said if we were gonna keep talking about this I’d prefer HR to be there and he just told me that we didn’t need to discuss it any further. 

Later today I just got an email from HR saying that they would like to set up a meeting for next week to talk further about the discussion that happened today. I’m freaking out and it’s making me so anxious.
AITA for not shaving my legs for my job?

EDIT: So people giving my boss hate i understand but I’m not mad at him and don’t blame him. Im not sure but I feel like someone was in fact pressuring him to talk to me about this because he is a usually very chill and a nice guy who usually doesn’t even force dress code and stuff. But also I really have no clue what really brought this on all of a sudden since I’ve worked there 8 months with no incident.My SIL of five years adopted this new age organic bullshit lifestyle. No one really cared until she started giving unsolicited advice and lectures. My lecture had to with my sweet tooth. Yes, I love Kit Kats. But I don't get cavities, have no health issues, go to the gym four days a week and I don't smoke or drink. I'm about 15lbs overweight and that's not bad for a 40yo man. After one too many lectures about how bad Kit Kats are and how I should replace them with bananas, I casually asked her what her excuse was for being at least 50lbs overweight? I reminded her that like every other post on her social media was her at some restaurant or deli or whatever eating something that I wouldn't even eat. She really didn't have an answer except it's not about calories but what's in the food that counts before running off crying and starting WWIII with my brother. She still hasn't forgiven me and I told her that I don't care. Move on or be gone.My children are 17 and 14 respectively, and I’m hoping the fact that they’re teenagers is the reason for their incredibly shitty behavior. 

My husband, before he met me, had a wife and a newborn baby that passed away in Canada due to hazardous road conditions that resulted  in a 4 car smash up. No one was at fault, it was a horrific disaster, and my husband was devastated as a result and fell into alcoholism to cope. 

I had my own trauma from the past, and similarly turned to alcoholism to cope. It was at an AA meeting where we met, 20 years ago almost to the day now, and we slowly started to heal together here in the US. 

I have always been incredibly respectful of my husbands last wife and child. I like to joke that I’m keeping her seat warm until my husband enters heaven. I’ve had too much loss and hurt in my life to feel jealousy like this, and tbh- I am so damaged that I just feel lucky that I got to actually feel love in this world and that my husband could open his beautiful heart to me. 

We had two children- two sons. We’d never told them about my husbands wife or baby, because it’s a part of my husbands life that he keeps under lock and key. 
He has never healed from his grief, and therapy etc has helped him only to a degree. 

My mother in law told the kids this Sunday gone, as she decided it was ‘time for them to know’. She didn’t consult us before telling them, and certainly didn’t do it in our presence. 

Since then my sons have been making the most disgusting dead baby jokes, they’ve been prodding their dad asking why we’d never told them, and instead of approaching the topic with respect they’re acting like we’ve kept a secret affair family from them or something. 

My 14 y/o went on to say to me in private, thank goodness not in front of his father, that he was glad my husbands previous family was dead. I broke and yelled at him, and told him it was the most disgusting thing I’d ever heard him say. I asked where his anger was coming from, and he burst forth that we were shitty parents for keeping secrets. 

He told me that it made ‘so much sense’ why we were abnormal, why we don’t drink, why we are so boring and quiet, why my husband is panicky around roads, etc. 

the two are pretty heartbroken, and I feel like we have just destroyed a part of our children’s lives as a result of us staying quiet. I am hurting, my husband is grieving all over again, and I don’t know how to proceed. I have and will always reiterate to our kids that they are loved, but this behavior seems so overreactive for the news.So I'm 17 and I used to be morbidly obese. I was actually morbidly obese until last year when I decided to stop eating my parents food and make my own. I'm now at a normal healthy weight, going to the gym everyday and trying to build musey and I feel really great. I went from 130kg to 70kg and I'm 5ft 9

Anyways my sister eats horribly. She is morbidly obese. My parents always buy her huge bags of sweets (in which she eats all of it), she eats an entire pizza for dinner, eats a huge Doritos share bag all by herself, is practically allergic to water, burgers and oily drenched chips is a tradition in our house too 

Anyways I saw her eating 5 white bread grilled cheese sandwhiches fried in a pan filled with butter. The sandwhiches were practically soaked with oily butter and with 2 packets of crisps on the side. My mother made it for her. 5 sandwhiches. It's absolutely insane I think And there was nice coke can to go with it. I told my sister that she could at least substitute the coke for water and that the volume of food was too much. I offered her a Piece of tofu in which I was having for lunch. Tofu is actually delicious. More people should try it.

 She told my mother and my mother screamed at me and told me that I'm ruining her childhood and that nobody told me to eat healthy when I was a child(I wish someone did). Apparently eating junk and being huge is a good childhood. My mother said I wad being extremely offensive and that she might now not let me go off with my friends next week anymore for camping.

Was I in the wrong?I’ve known James since we were 11. He’s been my best friend for a long time and we’re so close people ask us all the time if we are siblings because we look alike AND even share a last name. He lives close by and is very much integrated into all parts of my life. 

I had a crush on him growing up and I asked him out a couple times when we got a little older. He always declined and said we were just best friends. He’s really goofy with me, and treats me like I’m his little sister and over time I came to agree with him. we are 27 now and still the best of friends. My parents treat him like a son and honestly, he’s family. 

A couple months ago I had a ONS and found out I was pregnant. Being as I have PCOS I am OVER THE MOON because I was always told that the chance of me conceiving were very low. I am keeping this gorgeous miracle baby and I cant explain how many tears of relief I shed. I’ve always wanted to be a mom and finally I have a chance at this. I have my own home, have savings, I’m in the right place in life and I’m so happy. 

When James found out he was also over the moon. He thought it was the coolest thing ever but then gradually dropped off the face of the planet and he never wanted to hang out anymore. Won’t go to the gym with me, is too busy for the cinema, doesn’t feel like going to the mall, can’t come with me to visit mutual friends, nada. 

My mom and dad invite him over every so often for dinner and so at the most recent one I cornered him and asked why he was avoiding me so much and if he had an issue. He confessed that he finds my growing baby bump disturbing and a little gross. He said ‘I know it’s really weird of me but it just creeps me out’ 

I found that so demeaning and hurtful, and I burst out crying and called him an immature asshole and told him to GTFO. He apologized and left and I haven’t heard from him since. I’m so upset that he’s ruining a lifelong friendship over my goddamn baby bump! I want to reach out but I just feel so .... alienated from my own body and made to feel gross and I’m not sure if I’m the one that’s being difficult or if it’s him.My boyfriend and I have been together for 5 years, and things were great until our daughter was born 6 months ago.

Since then, our relationship has gone down the tubes because he refuses to care for her. He’ll sit on the couch and play video games and he’ll only tend to her while she’s screaming if I tell him to. Even then, unless I’m in the middle of doing something right then, he’ll ask me why I can’t just do it instead. On top of that, he only holds her if I hand her to him while he’s watching tv and she’s calm. He stays up late playing video games but still won’t get her when she cries, so I have to get up with her. We’ve talked about it multiple times, to the extent that I’ve told him I can’t handle it anymore, and he improves for a week and then goes back to his old ways.

I’m honestly considering filing for custody but tried one last ditch effort. I put the baby in his gaming room and told him I was going out. In reality, I just went to the gas station because I felt like I couldn’t trust him, and sure enough when I got back the baby was screaming and he was ignoring her. I took a ~10 second video of this and after I comforted the baby, I sent it to his mother with an explanation of what’s going on.

She called him and absolutely reamed him for it and now he’s upset with me for involving his mother and for “taking a video out of context.” I’m at my wits end and will probably leave him at this point, but AITA for sending the video?

Edit: the pregnancy was an accident but my boyfriend wanted me to keep it.A very popular hiking trail actually crosses my (privately owned) land that is nestled inside a national park. I’ve never objected to people crossing our land as I’m an avid hiker and don’t want to deny them enjoying the scenery, though it can get annoying at times when groups of 10+ people litter on my part of the trail.

Anyway, a few years ago my daughter decided to set up a small stop to sell cold drinks and snacks on the trail. It’s basically a caravan she lives in, but with an attached section to serve drinks and food. So she’ll spend her time in there and every now and then people will pass by and happily top up (it’s a multi day hike). 

It made a surprisingly large amount of money, and so we began taking turns spending time in the caravan on the off chance someone (or a hiking group) passes by.

Now, we live in a place that gets very humid in summer. It “feels like” 40-45 degrees Celsius during June-July. Today i was watching a movie in said caravan when a group of 5 girls rung the bell. They said they were out of water and asked if I could refill their water bottles. I told them I could for 50cents a bottle. The reason we charge money is that all of our water is rainwater and hence limited (especially in summer). We aren’t connected to an endless supply of water.

They were furious that I refused to top them up for free and said they are dehydrating and could faint from heat stroke. I told them where a clean creek was about 1hr down the trail that they could top up (I’ve drunk from there countless times, seriously no risk) but they refused and insisted I top them up. 

They had a young girl with them (around 13) while the rest were in their early 20s. So I refilled the young girl’s bottle and gave her a sprite for free, but insisted the adult women with her pay. They refused and very angrily went on their way. My wife says I should have filled them up, but IMO so long as the little girl is okay I don’t think they deserved anything given their attitude.Let me preface this by saying that I (24m) and my gf (32f) who we'll call Liv, have been seeing each other for close to a year now. I've been living in a shared house with 8 blokes in a small 2x2m room that barely accommodates a single bed. This is the sole reason why she doesn't sleep at mine. I'm saving a lot on rent living here even though the living conditions are poor.

Now, I've been staying at my gfs house 4 nights a week for the past few months. Her beds bigger for starters and I cant cook at home because it's always congested, so Liv and I cook a meal twice a week at hers. She has a roommate who we'll call (Bianca) that she's known for quite a few years and they get along fine. I've tried my best to get to know Bianca but it's not reciprocated and I can feel the awkward tension between us a mile away. She's never asked a question about what I do for work, or anything of the like, and typically responds with one word answers.

Liv told me that Bianca feels very uncomfortable living with me. I hate being the cause of her discomfort. Whenever I'm at Livs house, I don't use the living room and go straight to Livs room whenever i arrive (usually late after work). Besides cooking with Liv, I'm usually mindful of my time spent in the bathroom.

Here's where Liv and I may have screwed up. We were taking a shower together and took a bit longer than usual (20-30mins). All of a sudden Bianca comes out of the room and slams the front door shut and sends Liv an angry text about taking too long and that she needed to use the bathroom and that she's selfish etc. 
We both put ourselves in her situation and said we would've knocked on the bathroom door to ask us to hurry up if we were busting, but she's a bit more timid than we are.

Their relationships gone down the gutters since I came along and I can't help but feel responsible. 

On an end note, Liv and I want to move in together within a few more months after her lease finishes, but for now we're stuck in this predicament.

My mates telling me I'm an asshole for staying over 4 days a week rent free and I should respect the roommates boundaries and not see her as frequently. But I see it as the next step before moving in together, that I'm only there at night and it's normal for couples to see each other more frequently before they move in. So AITA?A bunch of people from my department at work went for drinks on Friday after work. Everyone was having a good time and there were about 20 of us there (from about 30 people in our department). I go to the bathroom, and as I am about to exit the hall to the bathroom I hear my co-worker say my name from around the corner of the wall. Perhaps I shouldn't have eavesdropped, but curiosity/suspicion got the best of me and I did.

I overheard a conversation of three guys in my department making a "hot list" (they actually referred to it as that), which involved ranking every woman in the department from first to last. I was upset and disturbed. I was quite friendly with 2/3 of the guys, actually. Yesterday morning I tell HR and they state that they have a zero-tolerance policy for actions like this. All three men were fired first thing this morning, and now I feel terrible.

I hated the way they were talking about women, but I didn't think they should be fired. With that said, we work for a large company that I know takes complaints like this seriously, and would not really miss these 3 guys, so deep down I suppose I knew it was a possibility when I complained. Nobody knows that I am the person who reported them, and I've overheard people say that the person is a "snitch". I'm wondering if I should have just confronted them at the bar and told them how it made me feel instead, but at the time I didn't feel comfortable doing that. I especially feel bad because I had a fairly good relationship with two of the guys.

AITA?

INFO 1: It was not a formal work event, but our supervisor organized everyone going out for drinks

INFO 2: A lot of people are insisting that I am upset because I was low on the list. I tried to avoid making this the focus, but with all the comments I feel like I have to address it. I was high on the list, and was not offended about my placement; I was offended about the fact that they were making a list in the first place. I hate that I even have to write this

**ETA: wow this is just about the most toxic thing that has ever happened to me. I came here for judgment on whether I am an asshole in this situation, and I have gotten numerous personal messages calling me ugly, a bitch, fat, a nazi, psycho, etc. I really think something needs to be done about this sub, although admittedly I'm not sure what, because I can't believe this is the response for somebody using this sub for its intended purpose**

update: I will be speaking to HR about the messages I receivedContext here: I'm an ex heroin addict. The why and how isn't important, but I got hooked at 15, tried to get clean at 17 but relapsed hard, finally got my act together and got off it for good at 21. I'm 26 now and completely clean. I don't even drink, except for on special occasions where I'll have two or three drinks at most.

Now, my older brother and his wife have been together since shortly before I had my bad relapse, and she's convinced that I'm just a ticking time bomb waiting to relapse again. The first year or so, I understood her concerns and she wasn't the only person who had them. However, it's been almost six years since I was anywhere near the stuff and she *still* won't have that I'm gonna stay clean.

She's very vocal about these concerns, too. If I get sick, she tells our entire family that she thinks I've relapsed again and I'm having withdrawals. She made a huge scene on Christmas day two years ago because I had a cold and was a bit sniffly and she decided that I must have been doing a ton of coke. If anything goes missing from any of the family's houses, she accuses me of having stolen it for drug money. I mostly just grin and bear it so as not to make waves, but recently she took it a step too far. 

I went away recently with some friends. On the first day of my trip, I dropped and broke my phone. Because she and my brother were unable to get ahold of me for a few days, she became convinced I had gone on a massive dope bender, and began telling my family and friends that she knew this to be the case. When I got home, I found myself being given an intervention and told how disappointed people were. It was kinda the straw that broke the camel's back, and I sort of flipped at my sister in law. I yelled at her, asking why the fuck she doesn't trust me and why she's so hellbent on undermining my success and believing that I'm incapable of staying clean. She got upset and told me she was only concerned for my wellbeing, but I said imo that's bullshit; at this point it's absolutely about her not having faith in me and if she feels that way she should stay the fuck out of my business. At that point  she started crying and she and my brother left. I'm being told left and right that I'm an asshole and ungrateful because she's only looking out for me and I need to apologise, but I'm still upset that she evidently believes I'm incapable of doing this. AITA?
I was in the break room at work and my coworker Arthur who tends to talk a lot about politics... Got to talking about politics. 

It was me, my coworker John who I'm good friends with, Adam who I don't know too well, and Arthur in the room. I was kinda sitting back from the discussion because I wanted to chill and eat lunch.

But it kind of annoyed me that Arthur was making comments about women getting abortions without knowing what they're getting into, making impulse decisions because they're scared of Parenthood. As if this is a big thing that happens often.

I spoke up and said I didn't think it was like that; our state has mandatory counseling and meetings to make sure the person is giving informed consent. And I didn't think anyone was going about it willy nilly without knowing what they were doing.

He got kind of blustery, saying "how do you know that they don't just rush you through that, tick a few boxes?"

I said that when I'd had mine, I had a very practical and informative counseling session that gave me a lot of information on my options, what I'd expect from the procedure, what my specific risks of continuing with a pregnancy would be, due to a medical condition of mine. And I didn't feel at all like I was doing something I didn't understand.

It was really awkwardly silent for a bit. Arthur told me that wasn't appropriate for me to have said at work, and it's something I ought to keep quieter. I bit back the childish urge to comment that he started it. 

Later, John, my friend from work said he thought it was funny, how I threw Arthur's assumptions in his face, but he thinks I ought to be a little more careful because Arthur is probably gonna think differently of me now. 

I don't feel ashamed to talk about it, but I do see how it was a lot to say at work...

AITA for talking frankly about my abortion?My friend is marrying my ex boyfriend of four years. It's been pretty awkward. I was kicked out of her wedding party because I was uncomfortable wearing a very revealing bridesmaid's gown. This wasn't that big of a deal as we're not exactly close since she got with my ex. However, she still expects me to take on all the duties of a bridesmaid. I told her that was ridiculous and that she needed to find a new bridesmaid. She then almost uninvited me from the wedding but instead decided I could go I follow a very specific set of rules (ranging from how to dress to who I could talk to). I was absolutely crushed as I was still looking forward to the wedding even if I wasn't going to be in it. I found out through a mutual friend who is still in the wedding party the bride continuously makes fun of me and talks shit about me constantly and so do several of the other bridesmaids. I was about to just not go when I ran into the bride's ex who is also invited to the wedding (He's the groom's cousin). He was also kicked out of the wedding party and was given a list of rules to follow. He and I have decided we're going to go together and have fun breaking as many rules that we can (such as wearing what we want to wear, drinking at the open bar, talking to whoever we want to, and dancing- WE'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DANCE). Nothing we would do would distract from the bride's big day other than breaking the ridiculously petty rules that we're supposed to follow. We're also both at the point where we're both ready to sever ties with the bride and groom. Would we be the assholes? Sorry if this was scattered, a lot happened in the past month and her wedding is in three weeks. Thanks in advance, I'm willing to accept my judgement!yesterday - I went in to get my eyes examined since my vision has slowly been getting worse, I've never had my eyes checked before and thus never been to an optometrist.

I went to one that was in a local mall. the exam was okay, the doctor was nice, and I was out of there in no time. as I was leaving the examination room, the optometrist instructs me to go to the front desk to get me sorted.

I go up and asked for the prescription, since I was just going to buy a cheap pair online, only really needing it to read. and I was told "those are for our records, you can go over to the shop next door to pick out your glasses (the store next door was a part of the practice, I guess?) I inform the reception that I'm not interested in buying over-priced frames for something I'll only be used to read.

the receptionist goes off on a tirade saying that those online glasses websites are all a scam (my brother uses them, which is why I thought that I can just get my prescription, and be on my way) - well I doubled down and demanded to have my prescription - I paid good money for the exam, so I think I have the right to have my prescription. 

the receptionist was adamant and refused to hand over my prescription, and the optometrist also said the same, and wouldn't give me my prescription - so I didn't know what to do so I just called the non-emergency line and was told to wait for a police officer to arrive. maybe 10 minutes later a police officer arrives and asks me what was up - I informed him what was going on, and then he goes in to talk to the receptionist. maybe about another 5 minutes tick by and I'm told to come up to the desk, where the receptionist begrudgingly hands over my prescription - I took it - said thanks to the officer and left.

I told my friend what happened and he says "so you called the police since they (optometrist clinic) didn't give you your prescription? okay Karen, seems like a waste of police time to me lol" but i disagree - why would they charge me for the eye exam to then bar me from using the prescription anywhere but their clinic, with their over-priced glasses.

since the officer somehow got them to give up my prescription - I think I'm in the right.

reddit, was i the asshole Karen in this situation?Upfront, my boyfriend has an awesome penis. Its not huge or anything, about seven inches (we measured) and fairly girthy- but it is really, really- even comically small when its flaccid (like 2 inches). In the privacy our relationship, I playfully make fun of it all the time and he doesn't mind because he knows that he pleases me in bed. However, he has complained in the past about how much he hates "locker room moments" when other dudes see it and assume he is hung like a grape even though he is not. 

So the other night we were having dinner with friends and played a game where we pull word cues out of a hat. One of the cues was something like, "things that are short" and I write down, "my boyfriend's penis". They were all read aloud and when its revealed that I wrote that particular answer the room explodes in laughter. My boyfriend tries to brush it off "oh you got me! Ha ha" and laughs with everyone else, then one of my boyfriend's male friends (who he goes to the gym with) slaps him on the back and tells him "oh we've all seen it, we still love you, bro!" more laughter.

After we get back to his place, my boyfriend tells me that it bothers him that his friends think of him as the small guy because all they had seen is his flaccid penis in the locker room. He said that they've made fun of him in the past and he has had to brush it off for years because he feels that denying it would make a bigger deal out of it than it is and has to silently take it. He said that by making that joke, all I have done was reinforce the perception and that it will just fuel the teasing. He wasn't mad, just disappointed. He said that he would never make fun of me if I had something unappealing about my body because he would never want to give me a negative impression about myself, that he would tell me I was beautiful no matter what. 

I felt really, really bad when he said that. I have apologized and things are fine now but I think that maybe he is blowing this out of proportion? Am I the asshole or should he maybe not take this so seriously? It’s more like “are we the assholes?”

I have a twin (we’re 16,M). We have identical faces, but you can’t mix us up. I have long blonde hair, he has short black hair and piercings. He’s bigger, like he works out. No one mixes us up. 

We have known her for 2 years. She mixes our names up all the time. At least 3 times a day. We know she’s doing it on purpose to annoy us. 

So. Yesterday I was in living room and she called me my twin’s name. I just ignored her and pretended she wasn’t there. Then she called me my name and I answered her normally. My brother did the same, we did it few times. Now she’s mad at us, apparently we’re being extremely disrespectful and not being sympathetic because she makes “honest mistake” sometimes.Ok so this happened maybe three days ago, but first some context.

Me and my (now ex) girlfriend of 3 years lived in a 2 bedroom apartment which I pay for by myself, as I make enough money to afford it and I didn’t want to trouble her by pressing her with a bill for a place that is a tiny bit out of her price range, instead we use a meter and pay the bill through my account, with her compensating her  spend.
 
We also have always been big on trust since both of us have been cheated on in previous relationships, and didn’t want to go through that again in this one.

The fact that I pay solely this apartment is important as it allows her to spend her money on things like more expensive gifts and the occasional excursion for us (which of course I pay in part for). Also the fact that we are big on trust means we tell eachother A lot about our lives and future plans.

Anyways, she was always a fan of these trips abroad and loved travelling, and for the most part our trips were always fun. However, about three days ago she announced that she had bought tickets for a solo backpacking trip across South America which she was going to go on on Friday, and that she had been planning this for months.

First I asked if I could come, to which she said no because she would be “discovering herself” on this trip, and when I asked why hadn’t she told me she said because I wouldn’t have allowed (or at the very least not wanted) her to go, especially alone.  (Which is mostly true)

Well an argument ensued and at some point I finally put my foot down, it went something like this: 

Gf: “why can’t I just go explore the world and live life to its fullest”

Me: “you can, without me or the security of my home, pack your bags and get out”

I believe it was the right thing to do as she didn’t pay for the apartment anyways, and so didn’t have any right to demand to stay, plus I was willing to give her money for a hotel for a week, which she refused.

That night she went to her parents home an hour away and my phone was blown up with people calling me a controlling asshole and the like, my question is am I really an asshole for this?

TLDR: girlfriend popped a surprise solo trip on me 5 days before she left, saying she wanted to go alone and had been planning it for months, I kicked her out my house. 

I’m an atheist who works in an international company in a very busy city. 

I have a lot of coworkers who come from a certain religious background that requires them to pray multiple times a day. I would say 90% of my coworkers share this faith and maybe 70-80% of them take the time out to go pray everyday. 

They get to leave the office 2 or 3 times in a day for 10 mins a piece for prayer and they get paid the same, don’t need to take time out of their lunch, etc.  

I used to resent this and asked my boss who belongs to that faith why they were essentially having an extra paid 30 min break a day for doing the same work I do. She couldn’t give me a response other than religious considerations have to be made. 

Even though I’m a known atheist I decided I too wanted some time to meditate everyday. I told my manager I needed the same time as my coworkers and told her it was very important to me. She initially said no, and then I got a hastily written email saying of course I was welcome to take that time to meditate the same day. She’d obviously checked with HR and covered her ass. 

For the last six months I’ve been having my 30 mins ‘meditating’ out in our company garden everyday. This has caused a slight issue because other non religious people are starting to ask if they too can have ‘meditative time’ and it’s causing friction but imo either everyone should be able to have this or no one should. 

I recently told a friend this story and she reacted negatively- she said that I was being rude and ‘ruining it’ for everyone else and that at Xmas time my coworkers usually go over and beyond to fill in holiday hours so the rest of us can enjoy our holidays and that the same courtesy should be extended to them. I told her I’m not hurting anybody or taking their prayer times away from them, simply enjoying that privilege myself.For five years I dated a girl I’ll call Mia. We got engaged last March and were supposed to get married next year, but two weeks ago I learned that our entire relationship was a lie. Someone showed me a dashcam recording of her saying that she still loves her ex and she was only with me because I’m the better choice. I confronted her, she admitted it was true, I called off the wedding and broke up with her.

I’m determined to move past this as soon as possible and onto better things, the things that I should have achieved had Mia not wasted five years of my life. But there’s an issue that has me on the fence: I was supposed to donate my kidney to Mia’s brother Tom, and now I don’t know if I should do it.

Tom has ESRD and needs a second kidney transplant as soon as possible because the kidney from his first transplant is failing. I’m not that close to him and I was only going to do it because I wanted to help Mia’s family in any way I could because I though they were going to be m family. But now that I know that she was just playing me the whole time, I’m having second thoughts. Organ donation is a big deal, I will literally risk my life to give part of myself to someone, and at this point I don’t want to do it for the brother of the girl who lied to me, used me and made me a fool for five years.

Would I be the asshole if I back out?I found out I was pregnant with my daughter at 19 years old, had her at 20. When I told my parents they said they'ld be happy for me but they didn't want to pay for anything, have us live with them or babysit all the time, basically wanting to treat me they same they would if I had kids older and not as a teenager still going to university. I was already living independently, both my boyfriend and I worked and we live in a country with free/cheap education and healthcare. In our culture families are close and grandparents are very involved in their grandchildren's lives, so I thought they'd still be emotionally supportive.

During my pregnancy I asked my parents and/or sister for help a few times: driving me to the hospital when I started contracting 3 months early, picking me up for a family event when I wasn't allowed to drive, helping me prepare meals to put in the freezer, and staying with them for a weekend when I was due any day and my boyfriend couldn't be home. They refused, telling me that I was expecting to be catered to. They also didn't want to come with me to ultrasounds or basically hear me talking about anything baby related, telling me that I was trying to win them over and have them "forget that I was making dumb decisions". When I spoke to other relatives my sister "joked" that I was trying to get gifts from them. I had severe post-partum depression and thought I was an entitled jerk and a failure, unworthy of the baby or anybody's support but impoved a lot after months of therapy. My relationship with my parents started improving after they apologised for not getting me to the hospital. They told me they were afraid I was going to destroy my life and thought that they were showing tough love. Impovement in our case meant that we we're on speaking terms and they're allowed in their granddaughter's life, we're not close.

Which brings us to today, 3 years later. My sister (29yo) is pregnant and she's getting a completely different treatment than I did when I was treated "as an independent adult". Our parents stay with her when her husband isn't home, don't let her do any housework, paid for her birthing class and a maternity photoshoot and get her whatever she craves to eat. Yesterday my mother called and asked me to bring over to her house all of my daughter's old furniture, toys and anything else of her baby stuff I have kept because she wants to set up a nursery so my sister's baby will have everything they need when she babysits. Apparently my sister wanted my parents to buy some new stuff to keep at their house but my mother told her mine will do. I answered that mine will not do, my sister should try to get freebies from other relatives instead, and ended the call. I've been getting texts from my parents and sister telling me to come to my senses and calling me petty, immature and resentful among other things.

So, reddit, am I the asshole here?So I have a 16 year old daughter that passed away in a car accident October 19th. I’ve been collecting a college fund for her since she was young, my ex husband and I both put money into it as well as she put some of her paychecks from work into it, and it’s about $25,000 full. I recently got remarried to a man who has a 30 year old daughter. My step daughter doesn’t like me, because I’m only 3 years older than her, my husband is significantly older than I am. 


My daughter was very passionate about the environment, and my ex husband and I discussed what we would do with the college fund. My husband says it was my daughter and I can do what I feel is right to honor her. 

We decided to divide it and we would each donate to charities we felt would make our daughter proud. 

My step daughter however thinks we should split it evenly and she should get some cushion for buying a house, since I’m married to her father and that makes my contribution his money too. 

She thinks donating *essentially* $13000 wouldn’t mean anything to a big charity and I could help someone I know in real life.


My husband has since joined her side and thinks $13000 would help her buy a house and we can honor my daughter in another way.


AITA for not wanting to change my plans?


Edit: there seems to be some confusion and I’m so sorry for  wording it poorly


My ex husband and I, and a little bit my daughter are the sole people putting money into the fund. My current husband has not put any money into the fund from his personal finances. 

My step daughter and my biological daughter did not have a relationship, as my step daughter is almost twice her age. 

I am 33, my husband is 58. We have a joint house account, as well as separate personal funds. 

My step daughter has brought this up multiple times, it wasn’t just a suggestion, she constantly brings it up. 

My step daughter is also not poor off financially. She can afford a house, she is single, my husband helped her pay off her debt before we got married. She just wants some cushion.


Edit #2: I am dividing the funds with my ex husband, not my husband now. My ex husband gets half to do with as he pleases to honor our daughter. My current husband gets nothing.My niece is 12. She’s going through puberty. 

I pick her up from school or dance practice sometimes when her parents are working. 

I’ve noticed over the last few weeks she’s been smelling very ripe. 

I was driving her home one day and said (this is abridged) “Hey I know you’re going through a lot of bodily changes right now and you’re really growing up. I think it might be time to start wearing deodorant.”

She said “I smell?” And I said “Yah, just a little. No big deal. Just pick up some deodorant, your mom has some.” 

Her parents called and were furious saying she’s going through a difficult and sensitive time and how dare I make her insecure about her natural bodily functions. 

I said “Sorry, I thought if roles were reversed I’d want someone to tell me. Are you really saying you didn’t notice her smelling like BO all the time?” 

They said she had to come to them and ask for it because someone pushing the issue would make her insecure. And by circumventing her psychological timeline I’ve given her a complex for the rest of her adolescence, maybe beyond. 
 
I didn’t think it was a big deal at all, but now my niece and her parents are so upset, I feel awful!  I’m wondering what I missed here. AITA?Alright so today was quite traumatic for me. I'm a high school senior (18M) and promposal season is currently in full swing. 

I was in my AP chem class when suddenly an entourage of people entered my classroom with a disabled girl (she has cerebral palsy) that I know. I first saw the posters and the bouquet of flowers she was holding and thought, "aww that's sweet of her." Then they revealed the posters and I read my name and was completely taken aback. I literally almost had a fucking anxiety attack. I didn't know what to say at all and the entire class was cheering and people even started filming. I was straight up frozen for a minute and I could feel myself burning up with embarrassment. Of course I wanted to say no, but since it was so public and everyone was waiting for me to say yes, I did and hugged her. Everyone clapped including the teacher and I was mortified. 

One of my buddies asked me if I was okay afterwards since apparently I looked like I was gonna burst into tears and I told him I literally did not expect that at all and I didn't want to say yes. He suggested that I go find her after school or something and explain that to her and I agreed. Now, this girl is really  nice. We had a class together last year and sat next to each other for a majority of it and talked quite a lot. I would say we were friends then, but we haven't spoken more than two times this school year so we've definitely drifted apart. That's why I was completely shocked when she sprung the prom asking on me; usually, people have their friends make sure that the other is at least aware before doing the asking to prevent situations like this. I was contemplating if I should just bite the bullet and go with her, but decided I just couldn't because it is my senior year prom and I was already starting to plan my asking. There's this girl that I've liked for a couple of months now and I recently heard from my friends that she likes me back so I was gonna ask her. 

So I ended up going to the special ed classroom after school where I found her and asked if I could speak to her outside. I told her everything and how I really, really appreciated the gesture, but I was already planning on asking my crush to prom and she was CRUSHED. She started crying really loudly and asked me why I couldn't of just said no and I said that I didn't want to embarrass the two of us in front of all those people. At this point, one of her aids came out to check on us since she could hear the crying and the girl told her aid what happened and she straight up glared at me and said, "That's not okay." 

Now I feel like absolute shit. AITA?So last weekend I went on a tinder date with a girl who I’ve been chatting to for a while. It was our second date and I thought things were going pretty well.

We end up at this rowdy bar a bit far out (30-40min) which I recommended. It was good fun until she sees someone she knows, this guy she went to college with, and they start chatting. I awkwardly try to join in but I’m basically ignored. I leave them to it to get some food and come back like 30 min later. They’re still chatting. I stand around like an idiot trying to join the convo but at one point the guy literally blocks me out with his back and my date says and does nothing. They back into a corner and only talk to each other. 

At this point I go out and grab a smoke. She comes out after me and apologizes, says she hasn’t seen this guy in ages. I tell her that’s cool but I’m just gonna head home soon. She asks me to wait for her bc she doesn’t have a ride and it’s far from home. 

So I wait bc whatever, night is ruined and I might as well just hang out. I wait another 20 min before heading back inside to tell her I’m going home and she can either come with me or stay. I see them in the same corner with the guy blocking my view. I try to talk to her but he keeps turning to block me away. I gesture to her that I’m going and she holds up a finger like “wait a minute” and instead of coming to talk to me she just keeps talking to her friend. 

I’ve had it at this point and I just text her “leaving now, bye” and head straight to my car and leaves. I get frantic calls about 15 min later. She asks me where I am and if I could go back and pick her up since she doesn’t have a ride and her friend doesn’t live close to her like I do. I say “no” and hang up. 

Anyways the next day I get the longest, angriest chain of texts in my life. She’s upset because I left her with no ride and she had to beg the bartender to call her a cab because she ran out of cash and can’t get uber/lyft for some reason. She calls me a POS and to never call her again and that she’ll be telling anyone she knows not to ever go on a date with me. 

My roommate and his gf both agreed that the girl sucks, but they think I should’ve just waited longer and made sure she got home. AITA for what I did?I’ve been taking oral contraceptives for about 6 years now. When I first started, I was worried about what other people would think (I was raised in a pretty “sex-is-taboo” household) and hid that I was taking them very well. Now, however, I’m in my mid twenties and I’m comfortable enough in my skin that I don’t really mind if people know I’m on the pill. 

Anyway, I was out on a double date with a couple we know last night and the alarm on my watch started going off (vibration). It was time for me to take my pill. While we’re all chatting, I reach down into my purse that’s beside me in the booth and get my pill, put it in my mouth, and take a drink of water. Whole thing probably took 30 seconds. 

My friend didn’t comment, but her boyfriend made a face and said “did you just take something?”

I said “yeah, my birth control.”

He made another face and said, “that’s inappropriate don’t you think?”

I just kind of exchanged a look with my boyfriend who seemed as lost as I was. I mumbled an “uh, ok” cause I hate confrontation. 

He went on, “you should probably go to the bathroom to do that. It’s really not polite to take that kind of pill in front of a group of people. We get it, you have sex.”

I really had no idea what to say, so my boyfriend changed the subject to the game that was on over our heads at the bar and the night carried on. 

I was pretty much floored. Wtf? I had been doing this for a while now, any time I’m out and my alarm goes off, I’ll just take my pill and go about my day. Wouldn’t it be like taking any other medication? Or Advil? I don’t really see the problem. AITA?First of all, I know how that sounds, but it's really not like that.

My girlfriend and I were childhood friends turned high school/college sweethearts. We are both 20 now and have been dating since we were 14. We are both commuter students at the same state college, so we still live at home. The same home. Because our parents are married.

It's my mom and her dad. Both divorced when they met, you can imagine the rest. When we were in HS we begged them not to date because of exactly this reason. Weirdly enough, while they were just dating they were totally fine with my girlfriend and I being together, but it pretty much changed immediately when they got married last year and moved in together.

Honestly, I hate being in this situation. Even though I know there is nothing wrong with us, it needles me every time my mom says "go tell your sister x". I think she is doing it on purpose to get under my skin. My (real) dad thinks the situation is hilarious and his view basically boils down to "What did you expect from the crazy bitch?" But I see him infrequently and our living situation would be very bad if we moved in with him (drugs) so that isn't an option. My girlfriend's bio mom has not been in the picture for her whole life, so that's not an option either. We can't afford to get our own place until we graduate.

This living situation is driving us crazy, but we want to ride it out until we've graduated and have jobs and can get our own place, or a place with roommates. Our parents have become laser focused on breaking us up, calling us brother and sister at every opportunity and lecturing us about how disgusting it is, asking us aren't we embarrassed that our friends know, saying that it's not anyone's fault that they got married first and this is just the way it has to be. I love this girl and have spent my life with her. I want to spend the rest of my life with her. I just can't stomach breaking up when *we* are fine and it is this bizarre outside circumstance trying to drive a wedge between us.

AITA? Are we all bad? Is it inappropriate no matter what to date your "stepsister" who you live with?Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/axpo27/wibta_if_i_dont_go_on_a_second_date_with_a_larger/

Hey again everyone. I finally have answers.

I never gave fake names to anyone so my date is now Alice and her sister is Gabby.

On Saturday I got a Facebook message from Gabby. It boiled down to "This is stupid, will you meet Alice so she can properly explain?" I try to get an explanation straight from her, but she refused and so on Sunday I go to a coffee shop to figure out wtf is going on. 

She was cute, my crush was strong, but I managed to sit down with a decent poker face. She pretty much burst into tears the moment I arrived. Lots of sorrys until she pulled herself together and I really nearly bolted bc I felt so awkward. 

Gabby was the one to suggest Alice use her pictures. Alice showed me her phone and... it was a picture of her from a few months ago and she swiped through and there were more pictures, ones she said she was gonna put on Tinder. All of herself... and she was bigger. 

I feel really fucking dumb. Still. Alice has been losing weight over this last year (down over 100 pounds!!!) and didn't have any flattering pictures bc she's continuing her diet and shredding weight off and her and her sister didn't know how to portray that on Tinder without scaring everyone off. So that's why Gabby suggested she use her pics bc they believe Alice will look like her soon (tho she has probably several months to go before she's close if I'm being honest, not that I care. Never did just thought I was being lied to).

When I sent the screenshot, she panicked and blocked me out of embarrassment/shame and it took a talking from her sis to meet me and come clean. I'm the first guy she's gone on a date with that wanted a second date so... fuck. Sucks to be all those other guys I guess because I'm taking her out this weekend again. 

I'm gonna be cautious moving forward bc that was a shit ton of drama for a first date, but I don't know. Maybe I'm being dumb? She's real sweet and we share the same hobbies and she's even pretty when she cries and my pa always told me that's how you know you're in it for the long haul and holy fuck I need to calm my crush down. This feels like high school again.

And that's that. Just wanted to clear up the catfish fiasco since I got a good many comments and PMs. Thanks again for helping me set my head on straight.I’m visiting my girlfriend’s family for the first time and they’re kind of rich.

They have a maid who comes and tidies up for a bit every day. 

My family isn’t broke, but we’ve never had people working for us, and it made me super uncomfortable. Like, who am I to have someone serving me and cleaning around me while I sit there? I can’t imagine if my mom were witnessing that. She’d flip. 

So I got up and started to help her tidy up. She thanked me for the help and told me I really didn’t have to worry about it, but I told her it was no trouble (it really wasn’t, we were just sitting watching TV.) 

Later that night my girlfriend’s parents asked me not to help the maid clean because it was a boundary thing and her work was her work and guests are guests. I told them it made me really uncomfortable to have someone clean around me and they just said not to worry because she’s paid well and has been with them a long time. 

The next day it happened again and it made me so uncomfortable I said “hey let’s go outside” to my girlfriend but she was busy on her laptop. So eventually I couldn’t help it, I had to jump up and help her out. 

Her parents walked in and looked pissed and my girlfriend finally clued in and ushered me outside. 

I’m still so confused by the situation. I’m not sure if I was in the wrong for helping her clean or if I’m in the wrong now for not helping her. 

My instinct is to help, but when I do people get pissed, so, if you understand the dynamic better than me, please clear this up. 

Am I the asshole for helping her clean?My wife (33F) is a SAHM with our son (4M) and we also have a daughter (6F) in school. Last Friday I get a frantic call from my wife around noon that our son fell off the top bunk while she wasn’t looking and now his arm looks really really swollen.

So I find him crying and holding an incredibly swollen, red arm sitting on the ground and refuses to let anyone touch it. My wife is sitting on the couch crying and saying how his arm looks so bad. I pick him up to go to the emergency room. I try to dress him since he can’t open his arms and ask her to get the car seat ready. She doesn’t move and keeps crying. I give up and do the best I can and call for my wife to get in...she just sobs and shakes her head saying “I can’t I can’t.” So I drive off without her.

I got really annoyed at my wife at this point. We get to the hospital and they want to run him through some X-rays and he’s screaming bloody murder. Around 3pm I get a call from my daughter’s school saying that no one’s picked her up (my wife’s job) so I call my wife. No one picks up. I call 3-4 more times before I rush out to the school. My son was inconsolable at me leaving him. Even the doctors were confused why I had to leave so soon. 

I get home with my daughter and rush in to find my wife STILL CRYING on the phone to her sister. I absolutely let loose and yelled “where the FUCK were you??? Why didn’t you answer my calls?” She’s shocked and just screams at me back that she’s overwhelmed and can’t handle all this right now. I get our daughter out and tell my wife to look after her. My daughter is crying because mom’s crying and hangs on to my legs wanting to go with me. My wife makes no move to help me so I just ended up bringing our daughter with me to the hospital.

The next day while our kids were both sleeping I couldn’t hold back and yelled at my wife for being absolutely zero help. She got equally mad and told me I humiliated her in front of her sister (when I yelled when she was on the phone) and that I should’ve been more considerate of the fact that she is really bad in emergencies. While I know she’s not great in emergencies, this was something else and I felt like I didn’t have a partner at all. 

Now she wants an emergency couples counseling session to “address my rage” but I am honestly conflicted. I’ve never yelled at her before and I do feel guilty but I also feel like these circumstances were extreme. However I did apologize for yelling and wonder if I made things worse. AITA?Every year on our anniversary, my fiance and I wake up early to go to the beach and watch the sunrise together. It's a very special tradition, as we have both overcome a number of personal challenges during our time together, and the symbolism of watching a new day begin is deeply meaningful for us. 

We decided we wanted to incorporate this into our wedding. Our plan is to have our ceremony on the beach the and have everyone walk over to a beachfront restaurant for breakfast, bloody Marys and mimosas (we've already talked to the restaurant owner about this, who loves the idea and said he'd be happy to open early for us). After that, everyone is free for the remainder of the day. Our friends and family are mostly local and should all be able to travel to the beach in under an hour, except for some extended family flying in from Canada, but that's unavoidable.

Based on our geographic location and the date of the wedding next summer, we've scheduled the ceremony start time for 5:30 a.m., when there should be plenty of light but the sun itself won't be quite visible yet.

We've been getting a LOT of backlash from our families about this, who say this is way too early and we need to move the ceremony to a more "normal" time of day. But my fiance and I don't feel like we're asking for anything that unreasonable. AITA?Throwaway for obvious reasons. Basically I [M42] got tattoos of the names of all 3 of my children. I got them going down my arm and they read from top to bottom (not actual names) "Andy, Sara, Kate". I had these tattoos all done at once after Kate was born knowing she would be my last. My oldest child Andy[T22] came out as trans and has decided she only goes by female pronouns now. My wife[F41] immediately supported her and made sure that I would too without any arguement or else she would divorce me. It was a huge family issue for a while but eventually it was solved and everything has been good for the last little while. I'm slowly learning more and trying to accept my daughter and her new pronouns and her name change to Athena. 

The problem arose yesterday when my wife and Athena sat down with me and told me there was an issue. The tattoo going down my arm still reads "Andy" and not "Athena" and my wife claims this is hurting our daughter and putting a strain on our relationship. My wife told me she wants me to get it touched up to correct it but I explained to her tattoos  don't work like that and you can't just change "Andy" to "Athena". I told her I would most likely need laser tattoo removal surgery and then would need to pay the cost of a brand new tattoo which I can not afford either of. I explained how my tattoo is such a non issue that I don't understand why this needs to be brought up now. Athena yelled at me and called me a shitty father and said if I don't support who she is, I just need to leave her life. My wife threatened to go stay with her parents with the kids if I don't "get my act together". I personally don't see the reason to change the tattoo and this feels like a bigger problem then it should be.

So im basically wondering if im the asshole in this situation.I want to start off by saying I love my girlfriend and I’m scared that if I give her this rule or expectation it will make her feel unwelcome at my home. We have been dating for awhile now and she’s always been courteous in asking to eat or use my stuff, she doesn’t eat much so I always gave her the okay. After she had spent a week at my place I told her she doesn’t have to ask me to eat my food on day 3 since she would always ask before she ate, she doesn’t eat much since she’s smaller but I didn’t take into account that a handful of granola, a bowl of yogurt, and a banana every day would stack up after awhile. She left my place after the stay and now every time she comes and stays for a period of time she eats my food. I feel bad for wanting her to start buying her own groceries to keep at my place since she consistently takes me out for food, buys me clothes, contributes to groceries when we cook, and keeps my weed supply full. I can’t comfortably afford to be feeding one and a half me’s so often though since she’s here at minimum 2 days a week. She has brought up in the past the fact that she feels I don’t take her out enough but we have a quiet understanding that she makes more than me since she works 5-6 days a week and I work 3 (not by my choice). I feel like she contributes a lot monetarily to the relationship and in terms makes her feel like she contributes more emotionally in the relationship because she’s always making sure I’m taken care of and comfortable. I don’t know if I should just suck it up because she’s not taking much from me and if I’d be wrong or an asshole to expect someone who gives so much to give me more. WIBTA?

Edit: wow. I think making this post was one of the single most worst decisions of my life. My gf uses reddit and by sheer coincidence found this post, thought “haha this reminds me of me and JoyceManner!”, saw my username, made the connection, and broke up with me. All within 20 minutes of making this post! She thought there was underlying issues in our relationship and me being a cheap asshole was the last straw that broke the camel’s back.

Edit2: to answer some repeated questions: I made this as a throwaway account. The account name is based off a pretty popular band (Joyce Manor) I like so, I didn’t think she would realize it was me. I’m 26 and she’s 20. Her name is not Joyce. I don’t think she’ll come on here to give her side of the story.

Tl;dr: I am the asshole.This will be on a throwaway so it’s not attached to my main account. 

I have a lot of tattoos. My most recent tattoo is a tattoo that I designed with my husband. We got matching ones for our anniversary. It is super personal. 

As I was showing it off to my friends, I notice one girl in our group (who I’m not super close to) was really into it. She even took a picture of it which I thought was strange but I let it slide. 
Let’s call this girl Sarah. 

Sarah does not  have any tattoos that I know of, if she does they are really small and in unnoticed places. So a week or so later I hear through the grape vine that Sarah is trying to get a copy of my tattoo. honestly I suspected this. She told a couple of friends of mine the design, and for some reason, didn’t think that they would tell me. But here comes the crazy part, she comes to me and asks me for a recommendation for an artist. She specifically wanted one that wasn’t too expensive.

I asked her what she was going to get. She was really coy with me and told me that she had not finished thinking about it yet. So I recommend the worst tattoo “artist” I know, let’s call him Bubba. I’ve gotten two “joke” tattoos from Bubba, one is terrible and blown out ,but it’s okay because it’s that duck or rabbit optical illusion. The other one I have had covered up. He works at subway during the day and gives tattoos from his garage. 

I knew she wouldn’t do her proper research and check him out, and she didn’t. She went and got her cheap tattoo from Bubba, and it is *fucked. up* It’s already blown out, the lines aren’t straight,  and may be infected.  My husband and I are howling about this, but a few friends of mine think what I did was really messed up. She’ll be ok, she’ll just have a really really shitty version of my tattoo. I think it’s what she deserves. So let me know reddit, AITA?I [19M] asked a girl [18F] out to dinner. When it was time to pay, she said "I got it" and went into her purse. At that point I literally had the receipt thing in my hand. I thanked her and handed it to her. She hesitated a bit, but she paid and we went home happy (or so I thought).

So from my perspective I really can't see what I did wrong here. From asking her out until receiving the check, I intended to pay. After she offered to pay, I thanked her and allowed her to pay.

The next day I woke up to angry texts. She said I put her into an awkward position, forcing her to pay the bill. I asked what she wanted me to do differently. Apparently I should have argued/insisted that I would pay. My friends agree with her. Now I'm wondering if I should just apologize and pay her back.

AITA?Backstory:My mom died when I was like 4 and my dad remarried when I was 6. My step mom is alright and I don't have any problems with her. She had 3 kids from a previous marriage, an 18yo girl 17yo boy and 15yo girl, I am 18 so I'm the same age as the oldest, but I'm older by a couple months. At first when we all moved it I was happy to have siblings, but the feeling wasn't mutual at all and they excluded me a lot from things. Saying that I'm "not one of them" and other crap like that. Me and the 17yo fought A LOT like almost daily, nothing too bad just dumb kid stuff. Our parents nipped that in the bud but arguments with him were daily till i was like 13 and just gave up. The 18yo HATES me, cause of me and her brother fighting a lot and same with the 15yo. My dad and step mom tried to make us all one blended family but it just didn't work, I was open to it but they were intent on just blocking me out. Around 12 I just stopped trying and did my own thing, I have absolutely 0 relationship or attachment with any of them.  

Main problem:  I was away at a friends house and I forgot to lock the door to my room.  My step siblings have had a problem with going into my room cause I keep my stuff organized and I’m the only one with a tv in my room (I paid for it). And they watch tv, I usually just let them to avoid talking to them.   I have a mini memorial of my mom in my room that has a plaque of my mom and her urn.  It’s not much but I like it, I guess all 3 were watching tv and somehow my urn got knocked over.........a lot of the ash is now in my carpet and now it’s basically just an empty thing.  When I got home I flipped my shit, it got bad enough that my dad came into my room and sent them out.  When I told him what happened he said that he’s sorry and that he will talk to him.  (This is where I may be the AH) my dad said something about never being too mad at “family”.  I had enough and told him exactly this “they aren’t my family, they have made home life shit for years and now knocked over the ashes of my mom.  I fucking HATE them.”  He went quiet and didn’t say anything and just left my room. 

My step siblings haven’t apologized (not that I’d accept anything they say). I feel bad what I said to my dad but I don’t regret a word of what I said.  AITA?

Edit: thanks for the awards!!! 

Edit 2: when I was 7 I did something really stupid and put the plastic bag out and poured the ashes straight into the urn.  I regretted once I did it but I was a dumb 7yo.  And the urn has a chip in the ring so it never screwed on right and was wobblyEdit: didnt expect this to be a reason to be called a "child molestator cultist" but I suppose that's reddit for you?

I am getting married in a few months. We have a few atheist friends who have a general dislike for religion so I thought it would be for the best to only invite them to the party. My future wife and both of our families are Roman Catholic. Catholic ceremonies are *long*. I'm talking 1 hour of pure mass and additional half an hour of the actual "getting married" part. If you are not a believer, it is boring af. Hell, Im Catholic and I know I'll be bored for 80% of it. I thought I'll spare them the trouble.

Anyway, one of my friends brought it up, saying I forgot to put the time and the church where the ceremony will take place on the invitation. So I said that she doesnt have to come to the religious part and just come for the wild party part. She got confused, I explained and she got annoyed to say the least. Said she isnt heartless and would sit through the 2/3 to see me get married in the 1/3. I tried to explain again & fix things but I felt guilty the whole time. 

Was it an asshole move?


Edit: ah, I suppose I am TA. Just for clarification though: 
- we did explain things and they are coming to church. No hard feelings between us. 

- those who I decided to "spare" expressed anti-religious-events stances in the past (not going to Christenings, First Communions & Confirmations) so I thought it translated to wedding ceremonies

- i also thought it would be considerate to not force them to come because of the sense of "they invited me so i have to" and ended up going wrong about it :/I (23F) am the oldest of 4 siblings. My dad passed away when I was 14, leaving us and my mom. 

There's a bit of an age gap between me and my siblings. So when my dad passed my mom looked at me for babysitting duties. Walking them to school, getting them ready in the morning, cooking for them, helping them with homework, getting them in bed at the right time, all that. If I had to guess I'd say I spend 4 hours a day minimum taking care of them, most days more. Plus an hour or so on chores. 

Now I love my siblings, and I love my mom. But from when I was 14 till I moved out at 19 I had no social life, no hobbies, barely any friends. All there was was taking care of them, chores, school, and from 16 to later work too. 

I'm on good terms with my mom, we meet for coffee about twice a month to catch up. I've been in a steady relationship for over 2.5 years, so whenever we meet my mom brings up marriage and kids. I've politely told her I don't want any of that yet, possibly ever, so she can stop asking. 

When she kept pushing (spread out over several visits after I told her to stop asking) i told her "Giving up my youth to take care of someone else's kids because they couldn't ruined the idea of having kids myself for me." I didn't mean to be rude, but it's true. 

She cried. I told her I don't blame her, but that it still wasn't a good position to be put in as a teen. I didn't apologise. 

AITA?

Edit: When I said "taking care of someone else's kids because they couldn't" I wasn't trying to be malicious. 
A) She at that moment in time, genuinely couldn't, which is why I had to. 
B) I called them 'someone else's kids' because they don't feel like siblings anymore, I had to carry way too much responsibility to just feel like a big sister. 

I wasn't trying to be mean about it, but that's why I said it that way.

Edit 2: Yes, I'm aware my mom struggled too, lost her partner, had to work. I was there. I never said I don't sympathise or that it was easy for her. I'm sympathetic to my mom's situation, but that doesn't change the fact that my teenage years where very tough, and I don't want kids because of that.

Edit 3: For the people PMing and commenting about how it's my fault I didn't have friends and not my mom's: I wasn't allowed to bring friends home, my mom was scared it would distract me from watching my siblings.

Last edit: For everyone asking, my mom worked 9-6:30.

Actually the last edit: My mom came home around 6:30, that didn't mean I only watched the kids till 06:30. I usually was the one who cooked dinner and put them to bed, my mom was tired after work.My car was shaking when I braked from high speeds, my dad told me it was the rotors and I believed him but the deal I got the car from has free diagnostic so I took it there. 

So my dad was right, it was the rotors. My friend had just done the brake pads like a month ago but not the rotors. So the dealer guy said it'll be 650 to get all four rotors shaved down and an oil change (synthetic oil so oil change is like 90 bucks itself). I said ok. 

He calls me like an hour later and says his guy started cutting the front rotors and it wasn't gonna work so they needed to replace all 4 four 850. I asked if they cut the backs ones yet and he said no. I specially said *do not* cut the backs ones "do as little as possible". 

He calls me again and says his guy cut a back rotor and it wasn't gonna work so I needed to replace those too as it was too uneven now. I said I told you not to cut those and he was like "I was just tryna to help you out"


I'm fuming at this point, go to pick up my car. It's 750 for the two front rotors and the oil change (when they had quoted me 850 for all 4 and the oil change?!). I pay and leave. My car is literally not drivable  it's so shaky. I bring it back and tell him the car is dangerous at this point and it needs to be fixed. We get into and he's like I'll do the back rotors for free labor but it's 200 for the rotors. I tell him I'll get a lawyer cause I'm not giving him literally another penny, I paid 750 for a car that's worse than before. 


I ask for the manager and eventually they agree that it was their fuck up and they'll eat the back rotors. Pick the car up the next day and it's good. 


I told my parents and they said they're proud of me but my one friend said I was a "karen"


AITA?I (18m) have been dating my gf (19) for about four months. We met on instagram, I followed her for a while and she has a real grunge/edgy aestehtic going on. I thought she was super hot and cool, and when we started going out she was basically also a really edgy person. She makes the occasional cringey edgelord comment about hating people and how life was sooooo much better in the 80s (when she wasn't even alive), which cringes me out but whatever, it's manageable. 

However, she also has an immense hate for kids and babies. Whenever kids get near her she gives them dirty looks and moves away or groans. She has a four year old sister, and she won't even sit on the same sofa as her, giving excuses like "she's dirty", "kids are all feral" and so on, just ridiculous shit you say when you're 13 and in your emo phase, not 19. 

Recently, she came to a family party at my parent's house and long story short, she ended up alone in a room with my sister (who is a new mom and is only 16) and, because of her social anxiety she was 'too afraid of seeming rude' to say no, but she ended up holding my sister's baby while she was in the middle of changing a diaper. As soon as my sister leaves the room to grab a new diaper, my girlfriend put the baby down on the couch, getting shit on the couch and shouting for someone to come take care of the 'gremlin'. 

This really annoyed me, I get that she doesn't like kids and that she doesn't want to be near them, but she doesn't have to be so rude and obnoxious about it. If she didn't want to hold the baby, she should have said no or got someone else. She just seems to think that kids should instinctively know to keep away from her. I just don't get how she expects to go through life never having to deal with children at all. 

Also at the party, she moved away from my five year old cousin when he sat next to her to eat some cake, and when asked to pass the baby's blanket to my sister, she pinched it with two fingers and flicked it over.

On the way home, I told her it's ridiculous she acts this way and she basically said something along the lines of "kids are disgusting, they're entitled and dumb can't see the world for what it really is". I told her not everything has to fit her stupid edgy narrative, and she thinks I'm an asshole. Longtime lurker here. Hoping some of you guys can weigh in on what has become a really frustrating situation with a close friend and his partner.

So my wife (29F) and I (29M) have been hosting dinner parties a few times a year for as long as we’ve lived in our current city. We like to go all out and cook elaborate multi-course meals, so we limit our invitations to just a few close friends, since cooking such a complex dinner is an all-day affair and the food costs add up quickly. We have about four to six people we invite to these events, depending on their availability, and it’s become a great tradition in our social circle. 

Our friend James started dating his girlfriend Sarah about a year and a half ago, and when we first extended her an invitation, we were informed that Sarah was vegan. I thanked James for letting us know and said she was more than welcome to bring her own food so she would have something to eat. He agreed, and the two of them have been attending our parties regularly for the past year. Everything was fine, until now.

During our most recent dinner this past week, we noticed that Sarah was very quiet and looked like she was about to cry. My wife asked her what was wrong, but she told us not to worry about it and kept dodging the question, so we didn’t push the issue. 

However, after the meal, James took us aside privately and told us that Sarah felt hurt because we never provided any dishes she could eat at our dinners and it seemed like we were deliberately excluding her. He added that he thought we were being rude and inconsiderate by not accommodating her, which really pissed me off, and we got into a huge argument over it. 

My wife feels terrible that Sarah was so upset and apologized to her and James profusely, but I don’t agree that we did anything wrong. I like Sarah very much as a person and I don’t have anything against her dietary choices, but I don’t believe it’s fair to expect us to change our entire menu or make an entire separate meal for one person, especially when so much time and effort goes into creating these dinners. For the record, nobody else has any dietary restrictions. AITA?I do stand up. I also have a day job, because, you know, survival. 

I mentioned at work that I couldn’t do any shifts after 4:00 on Saturday because I had a show. My coworker overheard and asked for tickets so he could take a girl out without having to spend money. 

I had no problem helping him out and I knew this club wouldn’t care if I slid a couple people in. But I’ve been trying to get more bookings at this place and it’s kind of a level up from the sort of places I usually get to perform at so I told them, you know, “please make a point to laugh.”

I’m up there doing my show and I see them and they’re the only ones in the relatively intimate audience who aren’t laughing. It bugs me a little but I didn’t want to lose my rhythm so just ignored them. Then I see that in this dark room that seats, max, forty people this guy is texting with his phone screen on full brightness. 

So I start telling a joke about a time I gave friends from work tickets to see me and they texted through the whole thing and as I’m doing it I’m slowly approaching their table (and the audience realizes I’m talking about these people at this show) yet he doesn’t notice or look up until I’m literally off the stage, approaching the foot of his table, staring at him. 

It killed, so that was the good part. But when I showed up to work I was expecting an apology from him. Instead HE was expecting an apology from me for (I’m quoting here) “inviting him out just to make him the butt of a joke” “making him look like a fool in front of his girl” and embarrassing him at a popular venue in our reasonably small town. 

He basically summarized it as “you’re supposed to be a professional and if you couldn’t handle me texting you shouldn’t be in show business.”

I think, without question, that he’s the asshole. But he doesn’t believe me and the only people I could tell this story to and ask to confirm I’m not crazy and my real life friends, so, biased. 

Who’s the asshole?

Edit: ClarityMy MIL has made a small "family quilt" for all of her kids and their spouses (5 couples including us). The quilt is really cute, has the couple's names, their kids' names, and their favorite hobbies and things all done in stitching and cute little cloth pictures. I was really looking forward to getting ours because I admit I'm a bit of a hipster and I love home-made kitschy stuff like that for our home.

She recently finished her latest one for my husband's brother and I thought we were getting ours soon since my husband is the youngest. I asked my SIL (she got hers first) and she very awkwardly informed me that no such quilt will be coming our way. I was a bit upset and asked my husband to investigate. Turns out MIL has no intention of making a quilt for us because there's not enough to put on all the squares or whatever, basically meaning since we don't have kids we don't deserve a quilt because she can't be bothered.

I message her directly about it because I'm just that kind of person. I like hearing it straight from the other guy. MIL says her fingers hurt after the first 4 quilts and she's taking a break. I ask her if it has anything to do with the fact that we have no kids (which she expressed negativity against in the past) and she says no even though I know it's a lie. I push her more and ask her when she thinks the quilt will be done after her little "break" and she kind of loses her temper and says there's no quilt and there never will be a quilt.

I ask why and she says she's only interest in making quilts with her grandkids and things on them and we don't have enough hobbies and kids' hobbies to fill up a whole quilt. I tell her we have 2 beautiful dogs whom we love and could be put on there and she says "I'm not making a whole quilt for a couple of goddamn dogs" verbatim. I hang up and tell my husband and he's 100% on my side.

But now I got a really mean voice message from my SIL telling me that I crossed the line and am acting like a huge B\*tch for no reason. I'm shocked because I have a great relationship with my SIL and she always defended me from other family bullshit. My husband wants no part in this now. AITA for what I said to my MIL?My ex (24f) and I (24m) dated 5 years ago. We were together for about a year, but then she dumped me out of no where for another guy and broke my heart. She and I shared the same circle of friends so I continued to be cordial with her for the sake of our friend group, and we remained friends until we graduated and I distanced her out of my life and no longer speak to her. I'm still close with my friend group, but they have drifted from her over the past year. I'll still see her sometimes when we have hang outs with the larger group, but I no longer speak to her and we just avoid each other.

This past weekend my friend had a pre-game/party for his birthday and she was invited along with our other friends. I have a new girlfriend (23f) that I have been dating for a few months (she is absolutely amazing, drop dead gorgeous, kind hearted, thoughtful, etc. I never thought I could feel this way about someone). I invited her too, and she knew my ex would be there but was okay with it.

At the pre-game, my ex had a couple shots, was maybe tipsy. She came up to me and my girlfriend and started talking to us normally. I was kind of confused as to why, but just went with it. She then says to my girlfriend, "Hey did you know me and Ilovepotatoes22 used to date back in the day?" to which she says, "Yes, I'm aware". Ex gf smirks very subtly and under her breath says, "Yup and he sure downgraded" while looking me dead in the eye. My gf said "Wow, I'm not interested dealing with this, excuse me" and excused herself to go talk to some of my other friends. I was angry, I truly don't believe I "downgraded" as my current gf is the most beautiful girl in the world to me, and in my eyes I do find her more attractive than my ex. I told my ex "I'm not sure what you're on right now, but gf is definitely an upgrade in every aspect possible so do not get that twisted. Let's just do what we should have done 5 years ago and never speak another word to each other again". 

She went to the bathroom crying and my friends over the past few days have been telling me that she told them I called her uglier than my current gf. I told my friends what actually happened and they understand but they told me I could have been a little bit less harsh. Ex gf is apparently really depressed and has been telling my friends that she doesn't want to come to any of the hang outs anymore. Am I the asshole?Yesterday we had a baby shower. Long story short, one of our family friends thought it would be funny to get some baby onesies with offensive things written on them. For example: 

* "All daddy wanted was a blow job" 
* "I'm with the milf" 
* "To-do list: Eat, poop, suck some titties" 

There were like 2 more but I don't remember what they said. When I opened the gift I was humiliated, I thought it was really inappropriate. Before people on here give me shit about not being able to take a joke, I just didn't really think this was the funniest "joke." I was mad about the gift because as I was opening and before I could read what they said, I unfolded the onesie and showed the rest of the party. Some people gave let out a small chuckle, some people looked around at each other kinda surprised. Anyhow, at the end of the party, I asked the person who gave it to me if I could have the gift receipt to return them. I said I definitely wouldn't put my baby in those clothes. The person basically called me oversensitive and said I needed to take a joke. I handed the gift bag back to them and said "Alright, well then you can keep these." They were super offended by that and thought it was an ungrateful gesture. AITA?This has been an ongoing argument between my wife and I, but it resulted in a huge argument today and I’m starting to wonder if I’m in the wrong. I think it’s impossible for someone in my position to see my wife’s point of view fairly so tell me who’s the asshole here. I’m also not interested in any relationship advice, our marriage is fine, it’s solely this topic/argument that I’m interested in hearing your judgement on.

So my wife and I have two kids together. But before I met my wife I had a daughter with my now ex-wife. My daughter passed away when she was 7, and the emotional toll of this destroyed my marriage with my ex-wife. We haven’t said a word to each other in almost a decade and I have no desire to speak with her anyway.

I still own the same house as then and I’ve pretty much left my daughters room as it was. At first it was just because there was no reason to, but now it’s kind of like a memorial in some weird sense? I can’t really explain the logic behind it because I don’t think there is any. It just doesn’t feel right to change her room.

This has been the cause of the only arguments my wife and I have really had. The house has four bedrooms, so each of our kids have a room, we have a shared room, and then there’s my daughters old room. My kids know not to go in there and it’s just left there. Occasionally I will go in there and read a book, or just lie down on her bed. It’s therapeutic in some weird way.

My wife has always wanted to change the room. At first it was because she wanted a study, but I refused and eventually she gave up. 

We’re now talking about having a third child and naturally she wants our new kid to have my daughters old room. Again I put my foot down and said that wasn’t an option, and that our two older kids can share a room instead.

 She really blew up at me and told me she was sick of me holding on to the past. She was sick of me being unable to compromise on this. She was sick of feeling like my deceased daughter came first. She said a lot of things but I think that basically sums it up.

When she said these things I was really hurt. But I’ve had a few hours to think it over, and I think I might be the unreasonable asshole here. It’s not fair to make my kids share a room because I won’t let go of the past. It’s not fair to have a memorial reminds my wife that she wasn’t my first love. 

AITA?First up, I love my wife very very very much but damn does she drive crazy sometimes. I’m a big dude, I’m 6’4 and I’m always goddamned hungry. I’m a firefighter so I’m always on my feet and simply put, I just love foooooood. My wife always eats stuff like salads and nuts but she will ALWAYS help herself to some of my food which pisses me off because it’s just the right amount of food that I want to eat but she’ll go ahead and take some. 

I’ve asked her so many times to leave my food alone and she’ll get really defensive and say ‘it’s just a little babe, you’ll be fine!’ Except I’m not fine, I’m hungry. And then when I’m hungry I get hangry and I snap at everyone cuz I’m goddamned hungry!

Things came to ahead at our kids 3rd birthday party. Wife said no to cake, despite me bringing over a slice
to her, so I gave that slice to my cousins kid who was on his second slice. my girl ended up eating the whole slice whilst I held the goddamn plate and then when I went to get myself some all the cake had finished.

Lately my MIL gave me the idea to just spice my food to stop my wife from taking mine, since she can’t stand spicy food.  I tried that yesterday, I ordered pizza and asked my wife if she wanted one. She said no. I went ahead and got pepperoni and jalapeños, and predictably when it came she came over and got all mad because it was spicy and she couldn’t eat it.

I told her I had to take drastic measures because I’m fed up of sharing my food and she called me a selfish asshole. 

Who’s TA here?My GF and I were out at a club to see a DJ. We were dancing, drinking, having a good time. My GF has been doing yoga for a few years and when she’s especially sauced she likes to throw in some splits and stuff on the dance floor. Well, we got sauced and as she’s doing her 3rd split or so a guy comes up and “makes it rain” on her - literally like 4 dollars. Obviously he was making a joke that she was dancing like a stripper. Whatever. This happened and in the moment I just fucking started laughing. I thought it was legitimately funny in the moment. My girlfriend gets up and says “we’re fucking leaving” and basically storms out. Get outside and she’s basically telling me that I should’ve punched the dude out or something and that he made her feel like a whore and I’m an asshole for laughing. I’m fucking 31, I’m not punching anyone out at a bar unless they’re actually getting physical or threatening to get physical. While I agree that it might’ve been somewhat demeaning, I also think it was objectively funny. AITA?I know how the title sounds, hear me out. My \[26M\] gf \[24F\] takes forever in the bathroom. Upwards of 1 hour, sometimes closer to 2. When I playfully ribbed her about this, she'd get irritated but nothing major. 3 months ago I was playfully teasing her and she flipped out. She said she won't do anything anymore, and true to her word she hasn't shaved, waxed, or put on makeup since then, and wears her hair looking like bedhead. I told her that I got her point and would appreciate it if she resumed doing things that I also do to stay presentable. Her head hair improved a bit (although not even close to how it was before) but she still has hair on her legs and underarms, semi-unibrow etc. Now she's saying I have to pay her to resume taking care of herself, which I find crazy as I'm not her sugar daddy. Why should I pay for her to upkeep herself like she's my sugar baby?

I understand that it's her body, her choice etc., but if there are any guys out there who think they would be ok if their gf had long underarm hair then you're a better man than me. I haven't pushed her to do anything, nor am I enforcing any ultimatums. If, as she says, I've been conditioned to want her to look a certain way... well, that sucks, but it's not my fault. If we broke up, she'd pay for all of this beauty stuff herself, so why should I pay? Anyone who says I'm TA, are you going to then start paying for all your girlfriends' beauty regimens, or else be fine with 100% body hair and no makeup or hair care ever? Be honest with yourselves.

**Gf's side:** He keeps being a dick about how long I would take in the bathroom, so as he said, I quit things he didn't even realize I was doing. No makeup, no shaving/waxing, no brows, no waxing those moustache hairs, I have curly frizzy hair so I stopped using product or straightening/curling with an iron, no mani/pedi, no touching up or redoing my highlights. Do I look like a beast? Sure. Am I a comfy, smug beast? Hell yes.

He rightfully pointed out that he takes care of himself for me (by shaving his beard and cutting his hair), so I obligingly waxed my upper lip and got a haircut. I'm continuing to do this whole thing because 1) it's so much less effort for me, 2) it's way cheaper, and 3) now that I stopped, I feel like... why do I ever have to do all this shit. It's unfair. And if I have to do it because both of us have been conditioned to see me doing these things as the basic standards for a woman, then he should pay half the costs. I conservatively spend at least $1k a year on brows, shaving supplies, hair products, highlights, haircuts, and makeup. Conservatively. He should have to pay me at least half if he wants me to do it, and extra for painful things like bikini waxes if he wants me to do them again. Otherwise it's not fair.

**Both:** We love each other a lot and aren't actually fighting. We recognized that we're having a difference in opinion, and since neither has been able to sway the other we came to the court of public opinion.

**EDIT (from bf):** alright, I'm the asshole. You know, it wasn't even the people saying I *was* the asshole that convinced me so much as the people saying I wasn't. No way in hell do I want to hold the same opinion as some of you, so if you think I'm not TA then I definitely am. My girlfriend not wanting to *remove body hair* is not the same as me walking around without showering, "in stained shirts and greasy hair". Jesus. The amount of sexist pigs that personally reached out to assure me that I'm not TA and the Reddit commenters are comprised of libtards, cucks, feminazis, etc... man.

I think it's reasonable to say that I'm allowed to no longer be attracted to her physically after this, and in that case I would either pay up or we break up. However, luckily, I am still very much into her. I would *highly prefer* the lack of body hair, but it's far from a dealbreaker and I think those who pointed out that I should be trying to unlearn these standards are correct. As I said before, this was never a fight. And for all of you calling my gf a fugly whatever and telling me I can do much better, she's always hot as fuck, have fun in your mom's basement tonight.

**EDIT 2 (from gf):** Thank you, Reddit, for knocking some sense into this mans. He let me shave his legs. He said he feels like a dolphin. I've decided his genuine contrition and heartfelt apologizing is enough for me and will resume shaving my pits for him, and doing my brows and hair (I didn't spend years subscribed to r/curly only to let my hair turn into a shitshow now)I’m really upset with my wife after what she’s done, but everyone of our friends/family thinks she is right to do what  she did. So I’m posting here to get an unbiased perspective.

I’ve been married to my current wife for three years. We dated for 2 years before getting married. Before meeting my current wife I had been married to my “high school sweetheart” for well over a decade.

My late wife passed away very young from breast cancer. It was an extremely traumatic experience for me, and I didn’t start dating again for several years after the fact. I never had any real relationships before her (parents were both physically abusive, siblings absent) so it was especially hard on me.

I’ve always had a momento from my previous marriage. It was a greenstone/pounamu toki pendant. She gave it to me for our first wedding anniversary. Before meeting my current wife I would wear it almost 24/7, going through several strings.

When I met my current wife she wasn’t comfortable with me wearing it since it was from my late wife. So I started wearing it less often but made it clear to her it’s an extremely important item to me. For a time she accepted that until recently.

Over the past few months whenever we had a minor disagreement, she’d bring up my pendant and then turn it into a shouting match demanding I get rid of it. I can understand why she might feel uncomfortable with me having it, but I had stopped wearing it at this point, it stays in my draw 24/7... Why can’t she accept it’s very important to me?

Long story short, when I was at work last week she grabbed the pendant and threw it in a nearby river. When I found out I broke down because it was literally the last thing I had to remember my late wife.

 I don’t know. Maybe I am not respecting her feelings and holding on to the past. AITA?

Edit: when I say ex-wife I mean late wife. We never divorced.https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/d8c3ic/aita_for_arguing_with_my_wife_over_her_preferring/

So a bit of a weird update since my wife actually saw this thread through her coworker. (e: to clarify, the coworker didn't know that it was about my wife, she was just sharing an interesting thread)

She texted me asking if I was looking to buy a new bed and I said yes without thinking much of it. She then linked me this thread and said we would talk later that night (not in a bad way).

We sat down and she apologized for calling me a baby and I apologized for starting a fight over something so small. 

She said that she really enjoys the pillow but we can get rid of it and sleep together instead. I told her this isn't necessary and that I would deal with it but she insisted. 

I've ordered her a new body pillow that just covers one side of her that she could put on the opposite side of me so hopefully everyone can be comfortable. 

Everything worked out and we have been sleeping together for the past couple weeks now. The new body pillow came in and is on the opposite side of her. She switches between me and the pillow every now and then and it's not a big deal. A lot more comfortable to sleep now too haha. 


Thanks to everyone who Pmed me giving me advice as well as those giving advice in the comments. 

I tried to emphasize this as much as I could in the comments but seriously my wife and I never fight and this was extremely out of the norm for us. 

Everything is good now though and we are going to start doing date nights again on Saturday and it's been going well. Feels more like our relationship when it was just starting out in the "honey moon" period kinda thing. 

But yeah, everything's fine now. To be honest it was always fine, this was just a minor thing that some how got blown out of proportion. I barely remember but I think we were both just stressed with work that day so we ended up getting into a silly fight. 

Seriously I love my wife so hopefully no judgement by you guys on the one comment she said back then. She's honestly a really good person!

I made an update thread a few weeks back but was a few days early for the minimum and someone commented on the old thread a few days ago so I remembered to repost the update thread today with a few more updates.

Thanks everyone :)

edit: If you want to know which pillow it is just send me a PM and I will send you a link. Just don't want to advertise anything in the thread.I saw s similar post which inspire me this. I’m Albanian and I live in Guangzhou China. I live in an apartment building that’s filled wit mostly Chinese people and one British couple. They’ve been here 3 years longer than I have and can’t say anything other than NIHAO and XIEXIE. They constantly knock on my door or call me to translate chinese stuff to which I told them to stop and start learning chinese. I taught myself to be half fluent in Chinese before I got my work assignment and learnt the rest in the 6 months I’ve been here. They managed to get by because some of the staff spoke basic English but they left. I told them that they’ve been here for several years and should be at least conversational in chinese. Yeag chinese is hard butvits inconsiderate and rude to not put any effort into learning chinese. I told them im never translating for them again and they lost their shit saying I’m an asshole and I’m making their lives difficult. I told them I’ll start speaking to them in chinese and Albanian from now onMy girlfriend and I had planned to get married on Saturday. We wrapped up all our planning around Halloween, all that was left was to ring some time this week and make sure everything was running smoothly.

She called the venue and the person she spoke to asked her to confirm some changes she'd apparently made. My girlfriend had no clue what he was talking about, and he reminded her of all the changes that had been put in recently. We had not approved any of these changes. We were able to get some of it put back the way it was but there are some things that we couldn't change back at such short notice.

The venue forwarded us the emails asking for the changes so we could look over them. Our communication was being done via an email account we created solely for wedding stuff, and the email address which asked for the changes is the exact same address, except 2 letters are switched round. The venue is very apologetic for not calling us directly but can only fix so much of it at this stage.

We think we know what happened. The whole time we were planning the wedding we got pushback from both sets of parents, and the stuff they had the biggest issues with have all been changed. I'm willing to bet that all of this was related to at least one of our respective parents. We don't know anyone who would want to fuck with us or the wedding this badly except our parents, who got pissy when we told them they couldn't financially contribute to the wedding because they were trying to trade their money for whatever wedding stuff they wanted.

Right now the stuff that we wanted that is still in this wedding is my suit, the venue and the DJ. My girlfriend has gone to pick up her dress and she's not heard from the shop so we're assuming that hasn't changed. I'm calling round everyone and it looks like the menu has been changed, as has the guest list and the cake. We paid for the wedding we'd planned and it looks like any additional costs from the changes (such as the extra people) were paid for by someone else, but they wouldn't give me any of the card info for legal reasons.

We probably won't be speaking to our parents again after this, unless one of them owns up in which case we'll just stop speaking to that one, but this feels like a joint effort as it's dealt with both sets of parent's complaints.

Before my girlfriend left to get the dress she gave me permission to post this as we are seriously considering eloping. We have the marriage certificate here, the honeymoon is unaltered and exactly what we wanted, and there's a few appointments we could make between now and Saturday at the town hall to get the certificate legally signed/filed.

However, we now have around 200 people attending this wedding in 3 days (our original guest list was about 100 including families and plus ones). People have booked hotels, planes, trains, and are coming from other countries to be here. None of these people have done anything to us and would be getting caught in the crossfire if we were to elope instead.

Would we be the arseholes?

Update: I posted in the group chat I have with all 4 parents that someone has been screwing with the wedding, we've found the email they used and we'd be tracking the IP address to a device and location (this was all absolute bullshit, we don't even know how to find an IP address). As soon as I said we'd be tracking the email they all started pointing fingers and accusing each other. It looks like all 4 of them were in on it together. Still not sure what we're doing about the wedding but all 4 parents are uninvited.

We're thinking that we might elope for the ceremony and then have the reception as planned (it's all the same party/venue and we won't get money back) because of the number of people who are coming from all over the place.

&#x200B;

UPDATE 2: My mother made up the email and her mother helped re-plan the wedding. We knew they'd been meeting for lunch but we didn't realise what they were doing in that time. Caterer and baker can fix the menu and cake, and the clothing is all safe. Venue think they might be able to fix the decorations and the parents have paid for the changes.

The ceremony itself is the same (we were worried it had been changed from a non religious ceremony to a religious one but it hadn't) so we'll probably just go through with the day as it currently stands, with a couple changes.

We've decided that we will meet up before the ceremony with some close friends (no parents) to sign the certificate so we're not doing it surrounded by strangers, then have the ceremony and rings as planned with everyone invited, go to the reception with everyone who has been invited because innocent people have paid out money to be here, and then afterwards we will go for drinks with the people who were at the signing earlier in the day.

The venue offered us security, but we're not going to uninvite the additional people or turn them away, and as for our parents, we're not sure. The options are either invite them and let them deal with their invitees so we don't have to, then cut them out of speeches and just don't acknowledge them all day and after the reception cut contact, or just don't let them come, in which case we will need the security the venue offered because I can't see them just not going.

Venue have also said to pretty much just leave it with them, they'll put what they can back to what we'd planned and they're prepared to offer a partial refund based on what they can't fix (so if they fix 50% of it, they're prepared to refund 25% for the 50% they can't fix)

&#x200B;

**FINAL UPDATE:**

**We had a small private thing where we signed the certificate with our closest friends, then we went to the planned ceremony and had a short service where we exchanged rings, followed by a reception.**

**We told the parents that they were not invited, told the venue they weren't invited, the venue put what was essentially a bouncer at the door, and they still got in. They don't seem to understand what they did wrong as they boasted to their guests that "they planned this, but we changed it to what you're currently seeing" and their own guests ended up being the ones to tell them how fucked up that was. They were pretty much shamed by their guests into leaving about an hour after they arrived. Also, half their guests didn't show, it was probably about 60-70% our guests in the end, and we definitely had the majority. Food (including cake) was sorted out but not decor, and venue are refunding us 50%, which was going to be 30%, but then they let the parents in.**

**We only spoke to them once to tell them that because after completely fucking up our wedding plans they then couldn't honour one simple request to not come, they would not be hearing from us, potentially ever again, and if they contacted us that would change to definitely never hearing from us again.**

**We are currently in the cab on our way to get drinks with the same friends who were at the signing earlier and then off on our honeymoon.**I'm 26M, my sister is 28F. We're the only family we both have, neither of our parents are with us anymore and we have no aunts, uncles, or cousins. I'm single, so is my sister: she's a single mother of a 3 year old. Despite all of this, we're not particularly close. We live in the same city but I might see her once a year in passing.

To make a long and convoluted post short, last week she came to my house and offloaded her son to me. She said she had to go to the hospital for mental health and I was the only person who could help. I couldn't even protest, she didn't even come inside. She took him in the car seat, put him on my porch, rang the bell, and told me all of this as she's walking back to her car. She left no diapers, no supplies, no nothing, not even a word of when she'll be back.

It took me less than four hours to contact police and have child services involved. He was basically abandoned with me, or at least that was my thoughts. They took the child away and my sister is still in the hospital. I have no way of contacting her, nor has she tried to contact me. I can't imagine the hellstorm that's going to be unleashed when she's out.

I'm just not equipped to handle a kid. My home isn't child proof, I have no friends who could babysit for a stranger, even as a favor. I work full time, I'm in school. I couldn't think of any alternative besides getting child services involved. I feel like I let my sister down but first and foremost I believe she let her own child down. I don't know what's going to happen.

Was I the asshole?

**edit**: just so there's more info, I wasn't even left the base the car seat latches into. Never mind I don't even have a car. I'll admit I could have asked a friend for help picking up children stuff but that doesn't address anything else.

Child services is what its name implies, here where I live it's called FACS. They work with families in struggling times like this. I told them my sister's name, the hospital she's at, and they presumably are working with her to sort this out. They left contact information but they won't disclose any status to me because I'm not the parent. Even just the status of my sister, they weren't at liberty to say.

I didn't "put the kid up for adoption" it doesn't work like that. I contacted this agency who is trained to help in situations like this, where living arrangements are difficult or impossible for a child. My best guess is they have him in a foster home for now until my sister's out. I don't know anything else beyond my best guess.

And I can't just take time off work or school to care for a child 24/7 when agencies like the one I contacted can offload the work for me. It's been 8 days and no word on anything: if I took eight days off work with no telling when I could return, I might as well not return.I need an unbiased opinion on this because I don't know if i was the asshole.

Throwaway because I am active in other communities and I don't want this to mix.

So I was supposed to get married 2 moths ago to my ex partner of 5 years. Sadly we broke it off because he cheated on me on his bachelor party with a striper.

I had this beautiful dress that cost me arround 2k dollars (out of my pocket). I had been very depressed since everything happened because I felt it was somehow my fault for not being sexy enough or not giving him what he wanted. So last weekend I decided to "take my power back" and I began altering the dress. I have been sewing for 15 plus years so I know what I am doing. I cut it a bit, changed the color to something less wedding-y and after a week of work I had a beautiful gown that I could use for more stuff.

The problem comes now. I uploaded that picture of the dress to Instagram with a caption that said something along the lines of " you can change the worst memories" or some shit like that.

My sister hits me up and asks me if that was my old wedding dress and I told her yes. She then called me and asked me why I had done this. I asked her why it was such a big deal. And she told me that I could have waited till after he wedding. I was so confused. Then she reminded me that when we were staying at the hotel where my wedding was supposed to happen my mom and sister where there cheering me up and my sister said something along the lines of "oh well if you are not using it i will". We all laughed so I thought it was a joke because it was never brought up again after. She just asked me once what material it was so I assumed she wanted something similar.

Now my sister is mad at me and my mom says she understands our povs. But that I could have waited 5 more moths till after her wedding to "take my power back"

AITA?

Edit : yes he fucked the stripper please stop asking me

Edit2: what the fuck is wrong with some of you. Suddenly I am the asshole for leaving my ex for cheating on me because it doesn't count because it was his bachelor party? Do you know how relationships work. Are you also going to tell me that if he cheated on a Saturday it wouldn't count? Or if he left the country? This is hilarious coming from a sub that says cheaters are the worst people In this world. Cheating is cheating periodLots and lots of ugly background here but I'll try not to wander. My wife I have been separated for 2 years, ink to paper on an ugly and contentious divorce in May. I have primary custody of our two kids (daughter 17 and son 14) and live in the home which we've owned for 20 years. 

On Monday I came home to find my son and two of his friends up on the roof to our little sun deck. I asked him what he was doing and if he was being safe. They said they were playing army and since I've coached the other two kids in mountain biking for almost 6 years now, I knew their parents wouldn't mind either. So I told him to put the ladder away when he was done and to keep his phone on in case I needed him to come down. I was actually most perturbed because he didn't put the ladder away. So they did this every day this week until Thursday when my daughter came home from her CIT job and in her every so sweet and acerbic tone asked me if I was really so stupid to think my son and friends were playing Army and let me know that the real reason is that our 22 year old neighbor was in her back yard topless and Aiden had set up a perch on the sun deck to get a better view. I climbed up thinking that she was just trying to get him in trouble but sure enough, the deck had  perfect view of the chaise lounge where I assume the girl had usually sat. I told my son to knock it off and he said he would. 

This morning I got an angry knock on the door and it was my ex wife and the neighbor (they have been friends for many years) apparently the neighbor called my wife sometime mid week and they had agreed they would "confront" me and my son Saturday morning. We sat down and it went from a calm "this is something we're concerned about" to accusations of me being an irresponsible absentee parent and my son leading an "adolescent sex ring" in a matter of seconds. I tried to remain calm and explain that they are just acting like 14 year old boys and I've gotten them to stop. My wife asked if I planned on punishing him, I said that I don't feel like he did anything punishment worthy and rather this was a learning experience about respecting peoples privacy. My neighbor said that if he were her son he'd be in intensive psycho therapy and medicated. I told her that was really overkill. My wife told me not to talk to her friend like that and I asked them to leave before it got any more nuts. My wife has texted me that I am being incredibly irresponsible and if I don't do "something" she's going to her lawyer to revisit the custody arrangement. In all of that she called me an asshole several times and said it was more miserable being divorced from me than it was to be married to me. yay weekend! 

I guess that's about it...but am I the asshole for how I'm handling the issue with my son?Sounds bad, but going to preface this by saying I’m not tryna get pregnant without my husbands consent 


I went to the doctor yesterday because I’ve been super emotional and my body has been out of whack and my doctor was basically like “We gotta get this implant out of you” (I had nexplanon, the implant in your arm) and I decided to give my body a break from hormones and to use condoms/ other methods for the time being because I don’t want to conceive.


I call my husband and tell him and he’s like “Oh ok did you get on the pill?” And I said no, I didn’t want to be on hormones anymore and he flipped out and said I need to be on birth control because it’s the best way to not get pregnant but like, there are things he can do to not get me pregnant but now his whole family and him are convinced I’m like trying to get pregnant without his consent. Should I have called and discussed this with him since it effects him too (as in he has to wear a condom)

ETA: if I hadn’t of taken it out yesterday, I would have to wait a month because that was my gynos my next available appointment. So it wasn’t that I didn’t want to consult my husband, it was kind of a quick decision.


ETA #2: I have a fucked up cervix so I can’t have an IUD, can’t use tampons, lots of stuff.


ETA #3: I believe now he is the asshole; it’s not normal for a husband to react this way, and he kinda sucks anyway. Thank you for the support and the judgement (even the dude who messages me I was basically just a sex doll)[Original Thread](https://old.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bihmbc/aita_for_not_sharing_my_prize_with_a_mentally/)

My wife went yesterday to collect our winnings and they shorted her $500. My wife is of the timid type and didn't want a conflict so she took the reduced winnings and had a few choice words but otherwise didn't contest it. They gave the rest to Jessica. They made up a fake story to her that they made a 2nd place prize on the spot and Jessica won it, thanks to the generosity of my wife and I. This was all bogus.

We made a post on our community Facebook page saying we had a great time at the competition but didn't appreciate the comments we received or how we were treated. I guess Jessica's family got wind of this and contacted my wife to meet up earlier today.

Jessica's family gave us the money back and while they were excited at first, couldn't take it under false pretenses. They found it condescending to give Jessica a prize just for having ASD. It was a joint decision between Jessica and her parents.

We talked a bit and learned Jessica only joined because she's writing a cookbook for an Asperger's Syndrome organization. She's apparently an avid cook and has trouble keeping everything consistent every time, so it's half for her and half for this organization. Part of why she went to the competition is to raise awareness of the cookbook itself as well as ASD/ASS and hopefully win, of course. We didn't know any of this at all, and I guess this is why the organizers wanted good PR.

My wife asked her if there was anything she could do and she can. She's going to help out where she can or if Jessica needs assistance. Things like editing, photography, etc. I guess everything turned out okay for everyone in the end, except my contempt for the competition organizers.

PS: [Here](https://old.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bihmbc/aita_for_not_sharing_my_prize_with_a_mentally/em15ywu/)'s the recipe I used, a lot of people asked for it in the previous thread. [Here](https://old.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bjai4e/update_aita_for_not_sharing_my_prize_with_a/em7gekx/) it is rewritten to be less ambiguous/more info.

PPS: Yes, I know "mentally handicapped" isn't the right verbiage. I've learned a lot about ASD in the last few days. I only kept it to be congruent with the previous post. Autism and Asperger's in particular may not always or ever be a mental handicap, I should have said disabled instead judging by a few comments.Posting from a throwaway account. 
Me (31 F) & kids (2 F, 4 M) moved with my husband  (31 M) from where we met, married & had our children in California to Texas. We always said we would raise our kids in small town Texas where my husband grew up. It was his dream & I was happy to support him!
When we moved – to a house a few blocks away from his parents – we thought we would be getting some help from his parents with the kids. They babysat the oldest twice in 8 months. They showed very little interest in the kids but had my husband over multiple times a week doing things for them (they are in their 60s & in good health) & did come over to dinner a few times. He adored his parents & they adored him. Their only child. Their golden boy. 

My husband was diagnosed with a rare cancer that was terminal earlier in the year. He died within 5 weeks of diagnosis. It was tragic & I am still in shock. When he was dying he was in a great deal of pain & on morphine & wasn’t always coherent or thinking straight. However he told me his parents were devastated I would move the kids back to where I grew up in Canada & they wouldn’t be able to watch the kids grow up. Well…that was my exact plan. My parents are the most amazing grandparents & help my sister out a lot (2 days a week of full babysitting!) & would do the same for me. Canada has a great education & healthcare system & my siblings & parents are live near each other so the kids and I would have a support network.

I lied to my husband. I told him I would stay & raise the kids as Texans as we had planned. He was in so much pain & distress & I couldn’t add to it. I chose the easy way out.

2 weeks after the funeral I moved my sweet babies home to Canada. My parents in law are now telling everyone I betrayed a dying man’s last wish. I have told them we will visit every year & they are welcome to visit us in Canada whenever they wish. They don’t care – they said I have broken their family.

AITA for lying to my dying husband & breaking up his family?Here's the thing: I 27M proposed to my 26F fiancee(yay!). The proposal time was a surprise but the actual proposal was not, she knew it was coming for a while but this is where it starts to get a little weird. I got her advice and opinions on the *PERFECT* ring for her. We both make decent money but I wanted it to be special so I saved up about $9000 of my spending money over the years(we live together) so I can afford to have the perfect ring for her. She was pointing out this ring and that ring and these rings how perfect they were, what her ring size was, what kind of cut she wanted, what setting, what band, etc...


Anyways I landed on the perfect ring for her, she approved of it, and we were all set just waiting for it to be fitted properly. The ring came in about 3 weeks before the proposal and I made it special and she said yes, excitedly. I'm talking dinner, wine, roses, backrubs, movie in bed, THE WHOLE SHEBANG. There was not a detail I missed, I can assure you I went full perfect boyfriend(fiance now) lmao


Cue to now, which is now 5 weeks after the proposal, and suddenly the whole style of cut and setting that she wanted for her ring is awful. Apparently she made a HUGE mistake with what she wanted and now suddenly she doesn't like it. I asked her "Maybe just wait a few weeks and see if your mind changes? You never know, maybe this is just proposal jitters or something" and no she's adamantly against it. I told her in no uncertain terms that this ring cost me a lot of money and we did research for months(almost a full year) together and I thought her mind was made up. I can't return the ring so now I'm kind of fucked and she's crying and telling me to leave her alone all night tonight. I personally think she's being childish but I called my mom and she tells me that I should have gotten her something she wanted. I told her that I DID get her something she wanted but now she doesn't want it, now my mom is telling me to just sell it for a loss and get one she does want. I said fuck all that, not trying to be mean but I'm not going to return a ring that cost me almost 5 figures just because she changed her mind TWO MONTHS after I bought it and had proposed. I think she's talking to her friends now but idk what to think anymore. Am I being an asshole by not returning it? I could *technically* afford it but this will put a huge dent in my savings and our overall account in general not to mention how stressful all this has been for me.



edit: no longer engaged, she cheated on me


edit2: I'm done guys, sorry for the shitty editSo, i’m 24M. My little sister is 14 and has always been interested in art. I moved an hour and a half away when I was 18 and we 
don’t see eachother often, but I make a point to call/text


It was her birthday yesterday and I thought I’d splurge since she’s been going through a rough time. She’s changed schools twice due to bullying and our mom always tells me that she won’t talk to anyone, is having intense mood swings, etc. I’ve made multiple attempts to help her, but she shuts me down and gets snippy.



Anyway, I got her a set of 150$ artist grade markers called Copics. I’m no art connoisseur, but apparently every artist who’s anybody has them and our parents don’t wanna spend that kind of money for her hobby (they’re about 5$ PER MARKER) and tend to give practical gifts like clothes. Whenever we’ve texted recently it’s been her ranting about them not getting them for her.

even on her birthday she was like a bomb about to go off. She barely acknowledged me and only said hello when she was asked. I was excited to give her the gift but the second I opened it she grabbed them and turned to our mom, saying “See! Even he knows you should’ve got them for me!” Which I awkwardly brushed off. Everytime she opened a gift from our parents it was very snotty like “Oh, yayyyy, cheap sneakers, my favorite.” “A plaid skirt. WOW. I’m blessed.” 


I was prepared for an angsty teen, but I soon reached my limit. Our dad showed her a journal they bought and she suddenly yelled “I told you both exactly what I wanted but you spent the same amount of money on shit I don’t need! Fuck this!” she threw it against the wall and ran up to her room.



Our parents were a lot less well-off when I was her age, and they could barely afford a birthday for me. Everytime it was a dodgy cake and a handful of clothes without holes in them, I accepted them like I was the luckiest kid ever. I would’ve never swore and yelled but she’s been very spoiled.


I talked with them for awhile and apparently shes done worse before which shocks me. They think even if they can afford it now, she should learn the value of a dollar. I agree helped shape me to not have my every whim be attended to. Besides, she got what she wanted in the end, why is she still mad in the first place?


Sister came back to get the markers, but I took them back. I said that she was ungrateful and I wouldn’t tolerate it. She started screaming at me but I just left the “party” prematurely with the gift in tow.



My whole family is blowing up my phone because I “ruined her birthday”. In my eyes, I spent 150$ to get no thank-you and yelled at. This will teach her a valuable lesson and maybe spark a change in her teen angst phase. But my family doesn’t want to hear from me until I give it back. Considering I’ve got my entire family shitting on me, I have to wonder if I did make the wrong choice. So, reddit, AITA?Edit #1 - oh boy.. so many replies! Might have to wait until morning to get through them all.. but i'll read some now! Thank you xo

Edit 2.... wow. Thank you so much for all the replies and silvers! I never expected to gather such a response. I am reading through as many replies as possible but i think there might be a few too many!

I just want to take this opportunity to educate people a bit more about colourblindness, and how you can help if your day to day lives!
I saw one comment that asked how i could drive if i can't distinguish between red and green (due to traffic lights). It made me laugh whether it was troll or genuine but please check out :

http://www.colourblindawareness.org/colour-blindness/living-with-colour-vision-deficiency/

It' a super helpful and informative website about living with CB, the causes of it among other helpful tips.

To help visualise colourblindness check out:

http://www.neitzvision.com/the-basics/color-blind-world/ 

(Doesn't work great on mobile fyi).

And those who are asking, i have heard of enchroma glasses! Maybe one day i will experience all the colours (after some saving). 


________________________________________________

I'm a 19F currently attending university.

One of my main professor's insists on using the whiteboard in class, for explaining everything and anything. Whether it's words or diagrams or explanations, so it's pretty important to be able to read.

Here's the problem: i'm colourblind and i cannot distinguish the difference between red and green ... like at all. It just looks the same to me.

This is a common problem so i ALWAYS carry a black and blue white board marker pen with me to give to a teacher in case there isn't a blue one around. It saves time and embarrassment on my behalf.

So i tell my professor my problem and the first lecture goes fine, he doesn't use green, and uses my blue and black pens instead (idk why but this room only had green and red). The next lecture however, i give over my pen and he starts to use the green and red pens to explain graphs and stuff. Completely un-understandable to me. So i raise my hand in a room of like.. 120 people.. and ask him if he can use the blue pen i gave him so i can actually see the difference in lines.

The professor then kinda... scoffed? And said he couldn't change now or the rest of the class would get confused. I just nodded and looked away because his tone was so condescending. The rest of lecture he used green and red so i just couldn't write up my notes.

(Insert- a super amazing girl in front of me asked for my email and sent me her notes that she was creating on her computer. She even changed all the colouring so i could see it properly and i was so shocked when i got them i nearly cried (people dont do this often lol)).

Anyway i email the professor and ask him one last time if he could just use a blue pen instead of red or green and he emailed back almost instantly to tell me that a lot of work is done in green and red and ill probably struggle with it anyway! 

I got so mad i emailed up the head of our school and told them everything i said here. The next day rumour was going around he was suspended and i got a confirmation of it later that day when the head of school contacted me for a meeting in a few days.

I feel pretty bad. I don't want this guys career to suffer just because of some pens haha. The stress is getting to me. AITA reddit?I'm M23 my gf is F21 and we've been together for about 2 years now. Now I come from a very middle class family, dads a blue collar worker and mom has been working since I was a kid as well. My GF's family is filthy rich and even she'll admit she's spoiled, everything paid for and a 3k a month allowance. Because of this she's never had a job, doesn't care about school really (She's doing fine though but in a easy program), or about having to make money in the future. My car broke down recently and I've been taking the bus/subway to work and she's been razzing me about it saying its sketchy taking public transport etc. I told her I'm saving up again for a honda, and will get it next month. She just tells me to ask my parents for the money or dip into my savings. I told her she has no idea how most people live real life so she shouldn't be giving out financial advice because her dad funds her whole life. She got very pissed at me and said that she's not dumb and so on and basically called me a huge asshole. Her friends also contacted me and told me to apologize to her, and oh her friends are the exact same way. Spoiled rich white girls who go to Western (my ontario mans will get this one). I told them to kick rocks. 

&#x200B;

AITA?This happened a couple of days before Christmas. 

My sister, her 3 kids (4,6,8), and I were all staying at my parents house for the holidays. 
I have a 1TB iPad Pro (the largest screen model) that I use for my job. I do digital commissions, design band posters, design flyers to make money on the side as I’m in college. I saved up for a year to buy this iPad, it was an investment in my hobby. 

I left the iPad plugged up in my fathers study where I was working on some projects the night before. I got up in the morning to find the thing *shattered* in the living room. My sister nonchalantly apologized and said “oh sorry the kids broke your screen. Dad says he has a new one he’ll give you to replace it.”  She didn’t even bother to wake me up when she saw that they were broke it. I asked her why she wasn’t watching her fucking kids, and how they got my iPad from my fathers study. She said that she *gave it to them* so they could watch YouTube. 
I obviously started yelling at her, and asked her how she could be to obtuse as to let her kids play with my stuff without asking. She called me selfish. “They’re my niece and nephews and I should want to share with them.” Wtf.

My dad tried to give me a iPad Air, and tell me that it was the same thing. I told him it was unacceptable and I wanted my iPad replaced *immediately*. He said he didn’t have the money, so I went to my sister and demanded the money. She tried to ask if she could make payments as the cost would wipe out her savings, and I said no way. I wanted the full cost of the iPad, the pencil , AND the $250 that I’m going to miss out on because I couldn’t finish the project I was working on It would be around $2200 dollars. 

She tried to call me heartless, and told me to think of my niece and nephew. I told her to go fuck herself, if she was a better mother she’d have more than 2k saved up when she has three kids. My parents think I’m over reacting, but I don’t. She is trying to avoid me and not speak to me, and I told her that I would be suing her then for the full cost of my iPad and lost wages.
She’s acting like a total bitch, and crying on social media about how her heartless brother is trying to sue her and break her and her children over an “honest mistake”. I’ve gotten calls from several family members calling me a bad brother, and asking me to reconsider. I can’t believe this is happening. WIBTA for suing my “poor broke sister” because she can’t watch her fucking kids?

TLDR my sisters kids broke my expensive iPad and I’m suing her, AITA?My brother (26/M) has a one year old son with a woman he was never in a relationship with, apparently they were friends with benefits. 

Long story short she got pregnant, he wanted her to abort and she refused, she had the baby, he got a DNA test confirming he’s the dad, now he pays child support. They share custody. 

I had dinner with him the other day and as usually he bitched about how child support is unfair, etc. I told him for the first time that it’s his fault. He chose to have sex knowing the risk of pregnancy. He got mad and said it’s not fair because women can abort but men can’t, I told him he knew that before he has sex with her but he still risked it. He called me an asshole, but I was just being honest.

Edit it:

I just woke up and I’m surprised at all the hate messages I’ve gotten from other guys. I AM A MAN. So many of the hate messages assume I must be a woman because I believe in sexual responsibility. Wtf is wrong with men today... this shit is weird.UPDATE; will be arranging to visit my daughter at her mothers until my girlfriend feels well enough to handle visits from my daughter, I’m also going to look into grief counselling for the both of us.


I (31M) have been with my girlfriend (Claire) for 2 years, 3 in January

I’ve got a 4 year old with an ex, we have her every other week.

Claire got pregnant 8 months ago, which is why we made the choice to move in with each other, 5 months into the pregnancy she gave birth, the baby didn’t make it.

Claire hasn’t been the same since which  while I   don’t fully understand, it was my baby too.

Claire has been in therapy since to help her grieve.

When my daughter came over to visit last, she drew on the wall which I completely understand but Claire made a point of sending her up to her bedroom for 90 minutes.

She continues making snide remarks towards my daughters mother and is over all really strict on my daughter, any toe out of line it’s straight to her bedroom 

Claire suggested we don’t have my daughter for a week until we’ve grieved properly and maybe stick to weekends and visiting her after school until then.

I told her if she continues doing this and continues being spiteful that she can leave, she is in no way priority over my daughter?

I understand her grief, I do.

She’s obviously calling me an AH 

AITA?My boyfriend and I have been together for about 2 1/2 years. We live together as of recently (4 monthsish) and we get along pretty well. We have a lot of separate hobbies, and one of mine is hiking. I wouldn't call myself a "peak bagger" but I do like to add mountain summits to my hikes when I can. BF doesn't enjoy hiking more than occasionally so he rarely comes along. 

For reference, I am a 5'3" 150lb woman. He is a 5'7 170lb guy. 

On Sunday I went for a long, strenuous hike with my friends. If you're familiar, it's 13er James Peak in CO. It was a 9 mile, 3,000ft elevation gain hike (from where we started). I had a fun time and went home and did my usual workout (short run, weights, some light yoga) after. Suffice to say, I was pretty hungry by dinner time. I made dinner, which was grilled chicken with lots of grilled veg, some pasta salad as a side. When it came time to eat, because of my big day, I grabbed the bigger piece of chicken. We're talking a 5oz piece versus a 7oz piece. 

BF got upset about this when he saw my plate versus hit place, and he made a pretty big deal out of it. He told me that there's no reason for me to serve myself such a big piece of meat, he's the guy and he should have it. I told him that I'd hiked and done my workout that day, and that he puttered around the house and went for a short (5 mile) run. 

He told me that growing up, he was always taught that the man got the biggest piece of meat because men need more to sustain themselves in general. I said that I agreed, but again, I'd climbed a mountain that day and burned much more than he did. He told me I should accept the good calorie deficit, or load up on the pasta salad and veggies instead. 

We've been arguing about this for days and he tagged some friends in and asked his parents (who said to keep them out of it, lol). So far people are split, some believe even if he didn't do much that day it's just weird for a woman to actively try to eat more than her boyfriend. I think that's stupid and outdated and comes from a time when men tended to do more physical labor in general. 

AITA? Is this just really dumb?Update 2: I told my ex to cancel her vacation as my son will not be going because it affects my custody time. Yes, I told her it was okay but after her husband's stunt of saying he couldn't do the sleepover which was on my day anyways, I had to crack the whip. Let those two eat each other alive. They deserve each other.

Update 1: This HILARIOUS. My son's best friend mom emailed us an invite for a sleepover which is on my DAY. I was going to see if my son wanted to go, but my ex's husband said my son could not go as he was grounded. I can react in so many ways...


His mom and I are divorced and don't have much of a relationship. Cordial, but indifferent. Our son is now 11 and my ex remarried a few years ago but she was with the guy for some time.

We have 50/50. She requested that she have him for two weeks for vacation. I agreed even though this ate into my time with him. Apparently, he got into it with step dad and he got grounded for a week. Well, most of that week is my week with him before he leaves for vacation with them and she asked me to see to it that his grounding continues through my time. I won't see him for three weeks. I am not saying not to punish him. 

Punish him when he's on their time. 

I have no problems with him when he's with me.

I refused.

I already made plans to make most if the days that I have him and I'm sure as hell am not going to cancel those plans because he mouthed off to step-dad. I don't care much for step-dad anyways. What I do with my son on my time is my business and vice-versa. 

Also, I don't want to set precedent where I am the parent who has to do both sides of discipline.


Edit: Update: My son called him a "freaking asshole." My ex calls him the same thing when they fight. Her words, not mine. He learned it from her, not me. I don't open share my dislike for her husband. Maybe an eyeroll, but I'm too corporate and professional to do it in front of my son.The other day at work, an 80-year-old woman said “Congratulations. You have got one coming on the way. Mazel tov” and reached her hand toward my belly. I moved away from her, yet she still managers to reach her hand and pat my belly. I was annoyed, so then I touched her belly and repeated it back to her, and then she got mad. People should not touch either men’s nor women’s bellies without permission, but it was also wrong that she made fun of me for being fat. AITA?My ex husband and I share custody of our 10 year old daughter and 12 year old son. We have a 2-2-3 schedule which usually looks like I have the kids Friday after school and then he gets them Monday after school. I get them back Wednesday after school and then he gets them Friday after school and then the week flip flops. We've done this since our divorce 5 years ago and it works well. I'm a nurse in the OR so I schedule my shifts for the days during the week when they are with their dad and my one call weekend every 6 weeks is a weekend they are with their dad. 

Recently, the kids said they want to try splitting up on the weekends, so instead of both of them being with one us during the weekend, one will go with dad and one will be with me. My son said he would make sure he was with me on call weekends because he can stay by himself if I have to get called in or can hang out at the hospital until I'm done. My ex is on board with this because he says it will allow us to spend one on one time with the kids and will allow the kids a break from each other (they squabble occasionally and annoy one another). While they have a point- sometimes it is hard to not feel like you are disappointing one by trying to accommodate the other, I do not want to give up my free weekends. It took me a few months to get used to not having my kids all the time after the divorce but now my weekends without them are filled with activities or travel. My ex agreed if there was a weekend trip I wanted to take he would be fine having both the kids that weekend but I honestly don't want to have to take his schedule into consideration when planning my trips, and sometimes they are spontaneous trips. 

I was talking to my family about this at breakfast this morning and they are all kind of appalled by me not wanting to do this. My sister pointed out that if I was still married, then I wouldn't have all the child free time I have now and many mothers don't get a break from their kids like I do. My mom said she can't believe I'd deny my children quality time with their parents for selfish reasons like not wanting to give up my weekends. My SIL seemed to understand where I was coming from but said that she would still do it and just incorporate the child into whatever I was doing and pointed out my daughter would love to go on the NYC shopping trip I had planned for December and my son would happily join me for my Saturday morning spin classes. I considered that but my SIL loves taking her kids everywhere so I don't know that she is aware of how nice it is to just be an adult without the responsibility of a child wherever you go. They were really making me feel like an asshole though. AITA?Throwaway account.  We were at a local restaurant last Saturday evening. This is a locally owned establishment, not a chain. There was a 30-45 minute wait for tables.  There was another family waiting in the wait area, and the "mom" went to the bar and came back with three drinks. A beer for "dad" and a margarita for her and one of the young women. There was another young woman there who looked of college age, and had on a college sorority t-shirt, but no drink was brought for her.

But as I watched I noticed that the mom was sharing her margarita with the 4th girl, who I assumed was under 21 as she had no drink of her own. In fact, I'd guess the 4th girl consumed MOST of the mom's margarita. I mentioned this to my husband and he said so what, forget it. Full disclosure that I'm a non drinker myself and certainly don't approve of underage drinking, not to mention that this behavior might put the restaurant at risk. So I mentioned it to the hostess. A short time later a manager (I assume) came and asked to see the girls' ID's. The girl with her own drink produced one. The second girl who had been drinking from Mom's drink did not.  I did not hear the exchange, but the family left thereafter. I assume they were asked to do so. 

My husband said that it was a crappy thing for me to do. I feel like I was protecting the restaurant. Was I the Asshole?I am a librarian at a prek-12 school. I lead one class every period with the younger kids, and high schoolers are free to use the library at any time during the day.

For any women that teach small kids, you know that they grab your boobs. A lot. It's not intentional, my boobs are just eye level for the kids and they often use them for balance or to get my attention. They don't realize what they're doing. Usually I just say "watch your hands!" or gently move their hands away, but I don't get mad, because they're little and they don't understand that they're doing something wrong.

One day, I was crouched down next to a 6 year old helping him find a book. He stumbled and grabbed my chest. Again, not a big deal, but one of the 17 year olds in the library saw it happened and yelled, "LOOKS LIKE MS. aitaitaita IS LETTING THE BOYS COP A FEEL." I went up to him and told him he was being inappropriate and threaten detention and all that, and he gets lippy (his friends were watching) and reaches out AND GRABS MY BOOB. I could tell from his face that he knew he fucked up as soon as he did it and I took him straight to the office. The principal tore him a new one, and then we discussed it for a bit and decided that a 3 day suspension and a call home was appropriate, since the kid was clearly scared shitless and seemed to both of us to be more of a smartass than a danger to students or other teachers. The suspension will also have to be reported to colleges, which is what my (ex)fiance took issue with.

I told my fiance about it that night and he didn't react as expected. He said that the high schooler was just a kid who clearly didn't realize what he was doing, and it was a double standard to punish him and not punish the younger kids for the same infraction. I pushed back because I think there's a huge difference between being 6 and being 17, and he accused me of being an unfair teacher who was targeting a student because I weighed in on the punishment, and therefore he wasn't treated impartially. He also told me that this being on the kids record was too harsh and he didn't deserve to be marked forever for a "joke." I pointed out he should know better, but he just doubled down on telling me I should learn to take a joke and laugh it off and not be such a bitch.

I tried to discuss it several times but he wouldn't budge, and I felt incredibly unsupported and hurt, so I decided to break off the engagement. HIs friends have been reaching out and accusing me of being unfair and rash. AITA?

Edit: thanks for your responses everyone, especially those of you PMing me telling me to kill myself or that I’m an emotional bitch who should listen to the logical men or I will die alone :)))))) love u allI look very similar to an actor and I live in New York City. 

Every so often a tourist would stop me and say “oh my gosh you’re that guy!” And I used to interrupt them and say “no I’m really not.”

But then this guy started starring in a TV show so became way more recognizable. It started so I was being stopped 3-5 times a day by people. 

Once I was in a mad rush and on the phone so when someone said “Aaahhhh you’re that guy can I take a selfie” I just smiled for the selfie and said have a great day. 

It was faster than explaining and insisting I’m not the guy while they accuse me of being too big for the fans, it was kind of funny to think of a picture of me floating around as a celebrity, and it was kind of nice to see how happy they looked when they thought they’d met this guy even for ten seconds. 

So now when people stop me I just take picture or shake their hand and move on. I thought it was just funny and never really thought much beyond that. 

But I was on a date the other night and the girl said “hey has anyone ever told you you look like that guy from that show” and I told her this story and she was horrified. 

She said it was so mean to mislead people that way. That hadn’t occurred to me and I really don’t want to be a dick to people, I thought it was something they’d eventually look back on and laugh too. Didn’t occur to me it would be so upsetting. 

So is she being oversensitive or am I being an asshole to tourists?So I'm pretty pissed off right now. My son is 3 and goes to a pre k program with some kids upt age 5. Today they had a nice Easter egg hunt. I had to work today so I couldn't attend but they asked each kids parent send at least 14 eggs for the hunt. I love school functions like this. I wish I could have been there. So we sent some extra eggs with him and some cupcakes. His father got there late. Well he just texted me saying he didnt get one damn egg. The bigger kids just steam rolled the smaller kids and all had 30+ eggs each. He said he got there right when they started and our son was pushed over by the bigger kids and just started crying. He didnt get a single egg. The teachers didnt supervise this at all. I'm not saying he needed a lot of eggs, but one fucking egg. Hes the only kid with no eggs. My SO said they're now sitting there our so  is crying as all the other kids are opening eggs. I'm beyond pissed they didnt supervise this better. I need to know of I'm over reacting before I call up there and just let them have a piece of my mind.Title is pretty self explanatory. But basically over the weekend, I had a work trip to go on so my sister offered to babysit my 2 year old. She’s babysat him a few times so knows what to expect. Well, this time, she left her $3000 gaming laptop *on the floor* of her lounge room. She gave my son an open cup of apple juice without supervision, and he decided to use the laptop as a table on the floor. Things happen and somehow it got knocked over.

Her laptop no longer switches on. She’s blaming me and expects me to buy her a new one. I told her no as it shouldn’t have been in his reach and certainly not on the floor. She’s refusing to speak to me at the moment and said she’ll never babysit for me ever again. I really don’t feel as though it’s my responsibility.. AITA?

EDIT: Yikes this blew up. A few people have asked for more info. Yes, I packed both a straw cup and sippy cup in my sons bag. I supplied everything he’d need for the weekend - including nappies and food. My parents were originally going to have him but my sister specifically asked if she could so she’d be able to spend time with him. It wasn’t just ‘babysitting’ but more enjoying time with her nephew. I gave her some money if she wanted to get takeout or for extra supplies and she was happy with that as ‘payment’ for watching my son. Every other time she’d had him, the laptop has always been far out of reach.Edit:

Wow!! I’ve never expected this post to blow up like this. I expected about 10 reactions 

First of all: Thank you so so much for your comments, all of the amazing advise and support, and all of the DM’s. (and the rewards!)  You are amazing people and its actually hard for me to put in words how I feel about this. It’s great to read all kinds of opinions on this! though I haven’t been able to read all comments and DM’s yet

My current plan is to firstly have a talk alone with my dad. I want to share my feelings with him about this situation. Then I want the three of us (without my brothers) to talk. If that doesn’t work, I’ll try to find a professional to help us out to find a solution :) One way or another, I’ll find someone to support me in the mourning process. I’ve already contacted my uncle for help. 

TBH I am kinda overwhelmed by the number of comments and DM’s and this is not an easy process for me. Sorry if I’m slow to respond :) 

\---------------------------------------

Original post:

Throwaway because some people might recognize me.

I (17M) currently live in my fathers house, my brothers (13 and 11) live there too. I’ve always had a great bond with my mother, but she died about two years ago, which deeply traumatized me.

Half a year later, my dad started to date someone else, let’s call her Elise (32f), she’s currently living at our place as well. Don’t get me wrong, Elise is not a bad person. My brothers really needed someone to cling to and she really takes good care for them. She makes dad smile again.

However, she is a lot more controlling than my mom was. I am quite independent, do chores around the house, have friends and go out etc. But she insists that I should follow her rules, to be home at a certain time etc. I don’t like that. I’m used to have more freedom and am actually planning to move out next year, I don’t want to risk losing my friends over her controlling behavior. I am respectful towards her, trying not to pick a fight, but she’s not someone I would want to share me feelings with.

She also insists that I call her ‘mom’ like my brothers do but I refuse. For me there was only one mother in my life and calling Elise mom just feels wrong, as if I’m forgetting my real mom. I also feel like if I call her mom I would accept that she has authority over me, but I never chose this person, my dad did. My dad just wants everyone to get along and live a happy new family but is afraid of confrontation and in general just lacks a spine. He also doesn’t like it if anyone mentions my real mom so I can barely talk to him about her.

Elise has called me an unruly teenager multiple times. When I got home ‘late’ she gets angry. Among other things she’s told me at times that I refuse to accept her even though she’s trying, that I am the one thing stopping this family from being happy again. That I’m confusing my brothers by refusing to call her mom (which I doubt). I told her she should accept that I’m not a kid, that I’m still getting over the loss of someone she hasn’t even met. That the only mom I ever had is not here anymore and that if anyone could set rules on me, it would be my dad. One time when she was furious she told me to ‘get over it already’. I told her to go fuck herself, she has no idea what I went through.

So, AITA?The original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c0xp8l/aita_for_refusing_to_wear_a_wig_to_my_friends/?st=JX7KR9P2&sh=bd95d6aa

So first of all, thank you so much for your replies and advice! I’m writing an update post because things ended up working out well, and because I want people to see my friend isn’t actually a horrible person like people were saying she was.

I texted her asking if we could work things out over a phone call (we don’t live in the same state, so our relationship is over phone and text). It turns out a lot of you were right and my friend was being pressured to ask me to wear a wig. Her future mother in law found out about my shaved head and pitched a fit. Like I said in a comment, my friend can be a huge pushover, and this woman is apparently a nightmare. She’s also paying for vast majority of the wedding, so my friend felt even more beholden to what she wanted. That’s why she told me she couldn’t pay for the wig: mother in law refused to. Neither of them knew how expensive a good wig can be, my friend only found out when I told her over the phone. That’s also why our dresses, shoes and makeup weren’t covered. It turns out my friend is mortified by what she sees as her mother in law making her look cheap and greedy, but she didn’t want to tell us that because she’s already embarrassed to be relying on her mother in law’s money. (Apparently it’s her fiancé’s family insisting on a huge extravagant wedding.) 

That’s why her reasons didn’t ring true to me as well. She didn’t want to hurt my feelings by telling me that her mother in law was being so judgmental of me, so she basically blurted out the first things that came into her head. She assured me she thinks I look great with short hair and apologized for making me think she thought I look bad. 

I know people will question how I can believe her, but I’ve been friends with her for nearly ten years and I give her the benefit of the doubt. We’ve been there for each other through a lot and really care about one another. 

I’m still side eyeing the plantation wedding but I didn’t tell her that because she seemed so stressed out by essentially being bullied by her fiancé’s family I didn’t want to pile on. I do know for a fact that she only wanted that venue for the big oak trees all over the property, which are admittedly beautiful. I went to the plantation’s website and they do acknowledge slavery’s evils and even have a memorial to everyone who was enslaved there, so that makes me feel slightly better. 

I did tell her that asking me as a mixed girl to wear a blonde wig could be seen as racially insensitive and I explained why. She was horrified and apologized over and over sincerely. She wants to stand out from her bridesmaids in pictures, and she didn’t even consider the racial implications of asking me because most of her bridesmaids are blonde. She’s kind of oblivious to things like that (so are a lot of people!) but the few times I’ve had to point out something she said could be hurtful she’s always been understanding instead of defensive. 

I decided I’m going to grow out my hair as much as possible for the wedding just to help her not get grief from her monster in law. It’ll still be pretty short, so that’s okay. She’s fine with that too except she was worried I’ll still have to deal with snide remarks from her fiancé’s family. I reassured her that after nearly a decade with short hair I’ve pretty much heard it all. By the time we hung up I felt way better not only about the wedding, but about our friendship.

Some background: My grandfather just passed away at the end of January. He was closing in on 90 and lived a very full life and died very peacefully in his home which is exactly where he wanted to be. 

This is where the story gets very sticky, my grandfather lived in a cheap tract house and was very frugal. His only passions in life were woodworking and his garden. But to my huge surprised I was named as his sole heir with life changing money. With the house, everything in it and cash his estate was valued at a little over a million dollars. 

Here's where it gets even stickier. My mom passed away 6 years ago. She had one sister who I was fairly close to and from her I have 3 cousins. I don't know the full details of why my aunt was estranged from my grandpa, in fact all my mom ever told me was "it's between the two of them." I have mixed relationship with my cousins and because their mom was estranged from my grandpa, they never had a nice word to say about him and I don't know if they ever met him. To be fair, they probably never had the chance to get to know him like I did. Cousins and aunt did not attend the very small funeral I set up for my grandpa either. 


Now she and my cousins have been basically calling me nonstop somewhere between begging me and demanding of me that I split the estate 5 ways. 

This is what both of my attorneys have essentially advised:
No matter what I shouldn't split the estate 5 ways. If I do decide to be incredibly generous, it should be split 50/50 and my aunt and cousins can divide their half however they like. Both attorneys have advised against this period, as it's not in my best interest. 

I can write 4 $5000 checks out of the estate to get them to go away. $5000 in our state's probate system is generally seen as "enough" of an inheritance to be essentially be uncontestable and my aunt and cousins will have no further claim on my grandpas estate, or none that a judge would be willing to hear. The first attorney strongly advised I do this. 

I do nothing. I am carrying out my grandpa's wishes to the letter and that is my responsibility and also my benefit for staying close to him in his lifetime. This is my second attorney's preferred course of action. 

But this is not about the legality of the situation. This is about what SHOULD I do and would I be the asshole if I keep the entire estate for myself. Just over a million dollars is enough money for me to finally fund a retirement account, have a down payment on a decent house and actually save some money. I have no designs on a big blow out but maybe updating my car would be nice. I could do all of that with $500k, but that number sure looks different that $1 million. 

Basically, WIBTA if I don't share this inheritance like my aunt and cousins are asking of me?So, this is a little strange of a situation but hear me out.

&#x200B;

I've been married to my wife for almost 7 years now and we have 2 children, one 6 and the other 4. I love her but she is a bit strange sometimes. She is very heavy anti-corporation/government (you know the type.  I will give her credit and say she's very moderate with these views though and not crazy). One of her big beliefs though is with holidays. She still celebrates holidays with the family (Christmas, Easter, etc) but likes to keep them minimalist and not embrace the "Money" side of things. We're not monsters though, we still buy our kids stuff for Christmas and for their birthdays but we've tried to make them know this is now what these days should be about and that generosity, not materials, should be what we thing about.

Last year in June my wife told me she doesn't want to celebrate fathers day. Her reasoning was simple, she wanted our children to respect us everyday and not make one day a special occasion for celebrating fathers or mothers. I was a little hesitant but I agreed and we took the day to try to teach them that.

Well, now that mothers day is coming around she's changing her tune. All of the sudden she wants me and the kids to take her out for breakfast, buy her gifts, and do other things for her. I obviously told her no, that we didn't celebrate fathers day and this was her idea to begin with. All of the sudden she got super upset and is claiming i'm the asshole here. She's now saying we should celebrate both days and that it's unfair to her that we aren't celebrating mothers day. We fought about this last night and she's still mad about it.

&#x200B;

Am i being unfair here?My son has been seeing this lovely girl for about 4 months.  They are both 16.  Her parents have a litany of issues (super controlling, narcissistic mom and alcoholic dad.)  Generally, because she lives much closer to the school, my son goes over there occasionally after school, and I pick him up in the evening.  I will also drive him there sometimes on weekends and pick him up when he's ready.

The mom has all sorts of odd rules for my son when he's there, which is fine.  It's her house.  Most of the rules seem to be based around her daughter's chastity.  He is allowed in her room, but not on the bed.  Then, weeks later, he is allowed on the bed, but not under the covers .WTF?  And she will check on them quite regularly, making sure they are being 'proper'.  (not under the covers, the door open etc.)  They also want him out before a certain time (which changes depending on ... ? )  Sometimes it's 7:30, sometimes it's 9:30.  Whatever.

Regardless, she usually doesn't come to our house, because her parents are so controlling.   Well, today she came over for the first time.   The night before, her mom called and wanted to talk to me.  I am a correctional officer and was working that night, so I wasn't home to take the call.  My son offers to let her to talk to my husband, who was home, but she only wanted to talk to me.   Later on, her dad calls, and he talks to my husband.   I don't have the details of the conversation, but basically, he wanted to make sure that there would be at least one parent home at all times and that we would keep an eye on them at all times.  My husband agreed.

Thing is, we don't really care.  I was sexually active at a younger age than them.  My son and I have had lots of talks about consent and not being sexually pushy with people and respect and birth control, etc.  He is a lovely boy, and I believe he would never push her to do anything she wasn't comfortable with.  They have been sexually active with each other already.  (teens will find a way!)  Anyway, not only did I not check on them constantly, I told him that as long as she was willing, I would give them as much privacy as they wanted, providing they were using protection.  My husband and I actually had to go out for a couple of hours, and I asked a good friend who lives just down the street if she would 'cover' for me, if this girl's parents called or showed up and pretend to be my cousin.  (parents did not have our exact address yet, so we would have had a warning about them showing up.)  Good friend laughed and agreed.   Turns out it wasn't needed.   Dad eventually came and picked her up.

I absolutely stand by my opinion that MY son can have privacy and agency over his own body at this age, but I am kind of wondering if I should have made that choice for someone else's child.  I kind of feel guilty, but I think her parents are WAY over the top control freaks.

AITA?My daughter has recently turned 16 and, for a couple of months now, has been constantly asking for a lock to be put on her door.  She says it’s to keep her brother out - who barges into her room every now and then to bother her - but I’m not sure if the benefit is worth having the lock in place.

I don’t like the secrecy of her locking herself in her room and I’m worried she’s trying to hide something from me or that she’ll take the opportunity to lock me out. I admit that I’ve forgotten to knock sometimes but other than that I see no reason as to why she’d need a lock. 

The way I see it, it’s my house and I am simply unwilling to have any locks put in anywhere. She’s young, and doesn’t really know what’s she’s asking for.

So, WIBTA if i don’t let her get the lock installed?This is the dumbest argument I've ever been involved in, and definitely the most absurd work conversation, too.

I have a friend, "Julie", who has just come back from maternity leave. She and I work on neighbouring desks, and the setup is that the longest part of our desks are against each other in a way that leaves us effectively sitting on opposite sides of one large desk. We were on lunch break, eating at our desks, and Julie asks me about when my husband and I are planning on having kids.

I reply "it's in the works, hopefully within the next year. Definitely sooner rather than later"

Then another coworker, who sits on the next set of desks over, hears us talking. Her name is "Anna" and I'll admit that Julie and I don't really like her, and try and avoid conversations with her in general.

Anna interrupts us and says "Hubby and I are working on having a baby right now."

Julie says "that's lovely."

Anna then says something about hardly being able to wait for baby "Joseph".

I say "that's a lovely name, my father is called Joseph."

Anna then says in a light tone, but there's clearly some venom to it, "don't you go stealing my name now" and laughs.

I'm a bit taken aback by this, tbh. I'm not offended but it's just a bit like '... ohhhkay, never mentioned it but... sure', and it's really confusing to me because I know about a dozen Josephs, it's not exactly a unique name or something anyone could "steal".

Julie tries to change the subject, but there's 2 more occasions during the rest of the work day where Anna just sort of says something to me about not "stealing her name", both times in the same jokey but menacing tone. At this stage she's getting on my nerves.

And then Anna says right as we're leaving "promise me you'll wait until after me so I get Joseph", and as she says it she laughs like it's a really funny joke. Julie and I give each other a look that says we really do not get this joke and I realise that she's said I should wait until after she gets pregnant for me to get pregnant in case I "steal" the name Joseph.

We all head off, the three of us end up in the lift together, and Julie asks about my plans for tonight. I say, totally deadpan, "going to make a baby. The name Joseph is so rare I'm worried someone is going to steal it if I'm not quick enough" and Julie and I both burst out laughing.

Anna is really really offended. Cannot stress enough how livid she was after hearing me say that. Julie and I both think it's really funny but I told my sister and she says that while it was funny, I was kind of a bitch about the whole thing. I am now doubting how funny it actually was.

Am I TA?

&#x200B;

Backstory because people are asking: Anna was fine when she first started working here a couple years ago, but she was a little too "by the book" and got a bit email-happy with HR early on, and would send emails roughly weekly, CCing in whoever it was about, reporting Coworker X for saying she was going to vote on her way home (not allowed to talk about politics) and Coworker Y saying he was going to his niece's confirmation (not allowed to talk about religion) and stuff like that. We all just collectively stopped talking to her so she no longer had ammo for HR. She eased up around the 3 or 4 month mark when she realised it was making her pretty unpopular, but people were still cautious around her. Me, Julie, Anna and a couple other guys who work in different parts of the office are the only people still here who were here for that, and we're still cautious around her even though she hasn't emailed HR in a while. Anna has previously tried to befriend us and she's apologised for her actions in the past, but we still aren't her biggest fans. Anna's desk has the same set up as ours but she doesn't have a desk-mate because hers retired a few months ago and they haven't replaced her yet, and since then Anna has been trying to talk to us over lunch or while we're working. We've tried to keep it professional, asking if she has a certain form or if she got my (work related) email, or stuff like that, but she wants to talk about outside of work and generally get to know us. We're cautious about this because of what happened when she started working here.

&#x200B;

Also I know I could have said "I'm not naming my child Joseph" and been done with it but first off I'm not going to promise not to use it for the sake of a coworker I don't get on with and also it is in the running, as a middle name, along with a few other options, in the 50% possibility that I get pregnant with a boy.Started a new job. Was in the break room. Met one of my coworkers for the first time. We talked a little bit, was fine. She asked me my name so I told her, then I asked what her's was and she curtly said "I'm not going to tell you that." I was like "That's kind of weird but alright." And she said if I wanted to find out I could look at the board that said the 2 employees of the month and that hers was one of the names, to which I pretty frankly said "I don't really give a shit what your name is enough to put in that effort, I'll just find out from someone else" and then I just disengaged.

I kind of cringe looking back. She was probably just messing around but I mean... I just met you and you're being alienating like that? I don't know if that is just her style of fooling around and she wasn't trying to be a dick but at that point I felt slighted. :/

AITA?My husband and I never thought that we could get pregnant, so we got plenty of therapy after a few failed treatments and moved to fostering with the intent to adopt. We've had a few fosters, but this concerns our current foster, a 9 year old who's been with us for two years. He's a spirited boy, but not a bad kid. Just takes a lot of time, money, and mental energy. 

The child's case plan has now moved to adoption, and we were identified as an adoptive resource. We were taking the first steps towards adoption when we found out that I was pregnant. It was mind-blowing as this is my first pregnancy, and I am now over 40. I had thought I had finally hit menopause, but was in fact 12 weeks pregnant. 

Unfortunately, after thinking we could do both, we did the hard math, and with our work and our finances, the only way we could raise our foster son is if we terminate this pregnancy. We can't financially have both children. I can't emotionally bring myself to terminate what is realistically our only chance at a biological child, who I am already bonding with. My husband wouldn't think of it either. We have to refuse the adoption. 

Unfortunately still, our foster son knows of preparations for an adoption through his therapist and social worker, so now we're taking him away from a stable home and what may be his only chance of adoption as he is older, all for reasons that aren't his fault. Am I the asshole for putting a still unborn child above him?

Edit: 

Baby:
Baby has passed prenatal testing with flying colors.

Finances:

We currently live in a 2 bedroom condo. We are required to give foster son his own room, which is not possible with a baby by social services standards. Us moving into the living room doesn't pass either. Social services is giving us until January to find a larger place, but we would have to stay in the county. We can't afford 3 bedroom places in the county, as it's a costly area.

We don't qualify for assistance with both of us working, and if one of us quits, we wouldn't be able to afford our current place even with the assistance we could get. Both of us working would make it difficult to swing appointments for two children as well. It's a catch 22 basically.THROWAWAY because I have friends who know my Reddit username and they browse this sub very often!

So when both my parents died (15 months apart) I received over $785,000 from my father and I inherited a middle class home from my mother. The thing is, I don't want my friends or my current girlfriend about my financial situation because I want to use the money or at least a few thousand dollars towards an emergency fund and save the rest towards my future kids college tuition (if I ever have any). No, I don't have any debt also I want to have the house for personal usage as I currently live in a cozy apartment by myself however, I'm afraid that if anybody found out they would try to use me or get me for my money. I want people to see me for who I am and not because of what i obtained so AITA for hiding my financial situation towards my friends and s/o?I know it sounds bad but here's the story. I  (62f)  live with my husband (65m) who I my kids stepfather. I had 3 kids with my first husband who passed away a few years ago, they are all relatively successful. 2 of them have moved out but one still lives with me, which I don't mind, but I think it's time that they be on their own as the others are.


Oldest kid: 30 Male. Moved out years ago, lives with his wife and the recently had their first baby.

Middle Kid: 27 Female. Married for 2 years, her and her husband live with me while they save up for a place.

Youngest: 22 Female. Lives in a college dorm in another city. 

Ever since my son and Dil had their baby, my oldest daughter has been baby crazy and has been constantly talking about how she can't wait to be a mom. I love my daughter but I don't want a baby in the house. I stopped at 3 for a reason.  I don't want her to live here forever, I want her and her husband to have their own lives, while my husband and I to have our own lives by ourselves. 
A couple nights ago at dinner I sat her down and told her my reasoning and told her that if she wants a baby that badly then her and her husband need to start looking for their own place. 
She didn't take it too well and called me selfish and that I only think about myself. Which right now is true, for 30 years i've put my kids first and now I want to put myself first. I hardly think I'm selfish for that.
I tried to explain my reasoning and her husband said he understood but I know he was angry too. My husband is on my side and says I'm nta. 
For the past week my daughter and son in law have been ignoring me an only talks to me when its necessary. 

I told some friends about what happened and most understand where I'm coming from but a couple said that I am TA as it wouldn't matter because its not my baby so I wouldn't have any responsibility towards it. 

I don't know what to do, I don't want my daughter to hate me but I'm getting older and I would like for my kids to be independent while my husband and I can enjoy retirement together. 

AITA?I live in a pretty small town, so if you don't know somebody directly, you're likely to know a person who knows them, and this is pretty much biting me in the ass right now.

My husband and I are looking to upgrade homes given we're planning on expanding our family, so we've been looking at a few open houses recently. About a week ago we were at an open house when our daughter (4) wandered off and picked up this mask type thing laying out on a table. Super bright, very loud, apparently VERY fragile and pretty much right out in the open. When I saw her touching it I told her to put it down but it was too late and somehow it had gotten cracked down the middle. Now, I'm not sure if it was already broken and they had left it out as some sort of trap (because who leaves something bright like that lying around during an open house, with children walking around?), or if she did anything, but I felt extremely embarrassed and grabbed my daughter and told my husband it was time to leave.

A so called friend of mine who knows the house owner saw me there and apparently told her she saw me rushing out of her house on the same day she returned to find the mask broken. Now she's hitting me up on the phone demanding I pay her back for breaking "art" and naming an absolutely ludicrous price (think four figures). I'm absolutely not going to pay her that, but a few people I know think I'm in the wrong here. I personally think if you're having an open house that children will be visiting you don't leave expensive breakables out in the open. I also do not believe for a second that thing was worth thousands of dollars, and if it was, I think there's a very good chance she broke it herself then left it lying around to pin it on someone else and guilt some money out of them. Whose the asshole here?He makes close to 200K a year while I make 50K a year. My family is dead broke, his family is loaded. I've never asked him for money or to pay my bills. He's the one who wants to do pay for everything and gets mad at me if I pay a bill using MY money. We even argued about when we have kids, he wants me to stay home while I want to work. I love my job. I'm frugal. I haven't been to a mall in 15 years and shop at Big Lots or Dollar Tree. I've never got attached to his wealth.

&#x200B;

He tells me that it's common and not personal but it's insulting. It makes me feel like he's using me in someway. I understand someone wanting to protect themselves, but he wants me to give up my career to be a housewife and leave me in a situation where he can divorce me and leave me out to dry.Jump into the worst week of my life. I was with my ex fiancé for 6 years. Loved him with every fiber of my being, wedding planned for August. Refused a job offer so could move with him for his next Air Force assignment. Monday a call girl from a website called massage republic texts him in the middle of the night saying she's reaching out to old clients because she's back in the game (his phone was at my house while he was flying) I text back she must have wrong number. She says she doesn't. In a moment of brains I pretend to be him instead of the jealous girlfriend and call girl gives me all the details. I'm such a fool this had been happening under my nose for years. 

I confront him, he claims to be a sex addict and promises to change. I consider it for half a second and say no. Cue uncontrollable crying, self doubt, a battery of STD tests, awkward encounters with him, fight over the ring, his mom (who I loved) calling me non stop and begging me to reconsider and on and on. 

And on top of all this my best friend is marrying his best friend may 11th. Groom doesn't want to rock the boat at this late date and selecting a new best man. Bride says she has way too much in her plate and is begging me to just go through with it and she'll "make it up to me." 

I've never hated a human being as much as I hate him. I can't be in the same room with him let alone walk arm in arm with him. I understand the whole wedding doesn't need to fall apart because I'm upset. so I just want to not go and spend the day downing the left over percocets from my wisdom teeth operation, fucking as many tinder dudes who can stand to be around me after not showering and burning all his shit. 

Woukd I be the asshole if I back out of the wedding?

Edit: wow I checked out for a few hours to try and sleep and this exploded. I’m so sorry I haven’t been reading I’ll try and catch up

Edit 2: ok guys I don't know what the verdict is but whether or not you voted yta or NTA and said I should go anyways to support my friend (we were friends before we were born, our moms were college roommates) your argument were the most convincing. I'm going to suck it up, participate, have fun, make my lock screen image the text from "Panama" where she said "remember, you liked tounging my asshole?" so when I get sad I have an instant reminder of who he really is. And then when it's all over I'm going to scream myself hoarse and beat the ever living fuck out of my pillows. If I can update a week from now I will. I still have a lot of reading to do so thank you all for commenting.


Edit 3 (that wont be seen): guys I've had the worst week of my life and been crying almost non stop since 3AM last  Monday (or Tuesday, or whatever). I have to clear up people calling my best friend the asshole. That just isn't the case, at all. I love her as much as I love any person on the planet and she has my back. But this wedding is now a week away. It's not a simple thing of kicked me out or asking ex-fiancé not to come. Everyone is furious with him but only she, me and he know the details of call girls. My ex's parents, grandparents and everyone else are going to be at the wedding. He's as close with the groom as I am with her. If they make big changes now then the day becomes about what HE did, not about the wedding. It's not my place to demand the groom change his best man... a week out no less...plus like I said he knows my ex cheated, he doesn't know my ex was sleeping with prostitutes. If I bring that up then this whole week becomes about THAT. My best friend and her groom being assholes isn't even an option on the table. They didn't do anything wrong and just reacting with the best information they have. My friend has offered me the chance to allow me and ex-fiancé to walk in with other people or even separately, but I'm not going to do that. First of all because I think it will look weird. And secondly I foresee getting a sick since of satisfaction of touching him ONE LAST TIME--FOREVER and have him know that that spark he feels...could have been forever come August but he fucked it up.So recently I got my license and my dad thought it would be a good idea for me to drive my little sister home. She would normally walk speaking she falls right under the 1.5 mile rule our school system implemented. The first few days went fine but then she unplugged my phone from the aux cord and started blasting her music. I took notice by not moving and giving her a funny look. She replied with a snarky what and I asked her why she unplugged my phone. She responds with "I got tired of listening to your music". I told her that if she wants a ride home she'll have to listen to my music. I then unplugged her phone and started driving. Then she gets bold and while I'm driving unplugs my phone and starts playing her music again. So I pullover and tell her to get out. She kinda sat there and looked confused but after repeating myself a few times she hopped out. I wasn't expecting the backlash from my stepmom when I got home. She was pissed and "threatened" me with calling my dad and telling him about my reckless behavior. She went on to call me an ego maniac and other names. When my dad got home it started a argument between them because he thinks I was justified. From my POV she's a 7th grader that should understand that her actions have consequences. I understand it is a little thing but I gave her a warning and she didn't respect it.
EDIT: It is my vehicle I pay gas and Insurance. I didn't feel like this was relevant but I digress. EDIT 2: I drive a coupe so I don't have backseats.My grandmother passed earlier this year and she had a pretty nice jewelry collection. Before she passed she knew what went to who and had had me meet to see what I’d like. Instead of jewelry I asked for her wedding dress. No one else wanted it, I had gotten married in it, and she was really touched. After talking to her kids she went ahead and gave it to me before passing. 

When she did pass away I was surprised she hadn’t written down who got what pieces. Since I had already passed on inheritance of a piece I didn’t go to the meeting with the rest of the family. Basically they sat down and went oldest to youngest and let each person pick until there were no pieces. From what I heard it was peaceful and everyone was happy. 

Since I wasn’t there they still wanted me to have something and picked a ring they thought had fake diamonds. It was the biggest and they assumed it was a diamond substitute. It was sweet of them to do that, so I could have a piece of her everyday too. 

When I got the ring I didn’t examine it. It was big enough I thought it was fake too. But then I saw a diamond on the inside band (indicating Leo diamonds). I took it to get it evaluated and it has real diamonds. It’s value is about 5k more than her next expensive piece (they had the papers on all of those). Essentially I got a nicer and more expensive piece than even her oldest daughter. But they chose it for me. 

Now, they want to redo the distribution. But I feel like it’s fair. I didn’t ask for anything, they gave me something anyways, now they realize the value of it and want it back. AITA if I refuse?

Edit to add INFO:
I didn’t tell anyone. The jeweler mentioned it to my Aunt and it got around to the rest of the family.My four year old has decided to become a picky eater. He doesn't have autism or anything else that causes sensory issues, he's just picky now, he used to be willing to eat anything. If he had his way he'd only eat french fries and Goldfish. Obviously I'm not going to let him only eat those two things. I'm also not going to be bossed around by a toddler. What I've been doing is that if he turns up his nose at a meal, I'll just say something like "Alright, I guess you can eat this later" and put the food in the fridge. If he asks for a snack, I offer him the food, and if he refuses, no snacks except for milk; at the next meal, I'll offer it to him then if he didn't eat it before. He carries on for a bit, but he eventually gets hungry enough that he'll eat whatever it was he was refusing to eat before. He's never gone more than a day of refusing to eat, if he did I'd probably feed him something else. My mom friends are horrified I'd do this to my kid, and tell me I'm old fashioned. I also feel like the worst mother in the world when my kid is whining about how hungry he is. For the record my husband is completely on board with this method. AITA for letting him go hungry?

&#x200B;

EDIT: This must have reached the front page or something, thanks for all your comments, I'm a bit too overwhelmed to reply to them all. Even though this sub I just want to address some common points:

\-I don't want to force him to eat things he hates, I do want to promote his individuality. I feel like I have no other choice but to be strict because if I'm not he'd have me serving him an unhealthy diet.

\-I don't want him to grow up thinking he's entitled to order me or anyone else to cook special meals for him.

\-I do season my food and cook it in other ways besides steaming or boiling.

\-I would never let him not eat for a long time like some of you have described. Or try to serve him uneaten food for days on end like Mommie Dearest. I'd cave at that point.So my 15-year-old daughter wanted to go hang out at a friend's place (call friend hannah) and go to the mall and then stay at the hannahs place overnight, I knew the girl and the girl's mum so I agreed. 
she packs her bag and gives me a hug and leaves. 

At around 10 I decided to text Hannah's mum to ask how it's going and she gets super confused at my question, I said you have my daughter right? she goes no, hannah is with her dad this weekend I have no teens with me atm. 

so she calls Hannah's dad to sort the situation out and he tells her that he is still at work and hannah should be home alone. 

I walk over to Hannah's mums house and we drive up to Hannah's dads. 

turns out hannah and my daughter wanted to get drunk and throw a house party with older guys, I was seeing red at this point and grabbed her by the arm and dragged her out.

 when we got home I made her hand over her phone and laptop which she has lost the privilege of having for 2 weeks (exluding school work) and she is banned from going to the shops with friends for 2 months. 

my family/ some friends are saying that's a tad harsh and now I'm worried I made the punishment to long. 

aita? Married 15 years and almost didn't make it this far.  In our second year of marriage my wife went home when I was deployed and slept with Some Dickhead (who I'll refer to as SD from here out) who she was loose acquaintances with growing up.  She hadn't seen him in years but he just happened to show up during my daughter's birthday party because he was the son of one of my mother-in-law's old friends.  SD and my wife hooked up later that week after reconnecting.

&#x200B;

The reason I didn't kick my wife's ass to the curb and eventually forgave her is because she told me herself soon after I got home.  And she didn't try to justify it with the "oh well you were gone, i felt lonely blah blah blah".  No she actually said straight up that she was a fucking dumbass (her words not mine, though I agree) and she felt so sick and disgusting for doing it.

&#x200B;

She immediately cut off all contact with SD and it took a lot of counseling and healing but here we are today; feels like non-stop since that time that my wife has gone above and beyond proving that I was right to keep her.

&#x200B;

Well my mother-in-law called yesterday and she heard from SD's mother that SD died in some workplace accident and they're having a funeral service this weekend.

&#x200B;

My wife told me this and that she wanted to go and it was like I got kicked right in the dick.  I instantly felt nauseous and had fucking horrible flashbacks of when she told me about her affair. All those horrible feelings resurfaced along with the shitty memories of me crying my fucking eyes out and my image of her shattering.  The pain felt as fresh as when she dropped that bomb on me.

&#x200B;

I asked her why seeing as she hadn't talked to the guy in over a decade not to mention...you know....she fucked him while we were married.  She keeps saying shit like "it's the right thing to do" and "she just wants to pay respects".

&#x200B;

I can't stop repeating that I'm so hurt with that decision as he's had no part of her life in so long and I'm re-living all those shitty nights I was sure our family would be shattered and I would only see my daughter 50% of the time.

&#x200B;

After some back and forth I put my fucking foot down and told her NO, she cannot go.  I said it's so disrespectful to me and our marriage and we've been on the silent treatment since then.  AITA?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Seems like people are starting to trip up on me saying "feels like non-stop since that time that my wife has gone above and beyond proving that I was right to keep her." as if I'm saying I own her and she's a piece of property to me.  That is not the case, I am simply illustrating that she didn't just say she'll do better, she proved it with her actions and has made me a very happy man in our time together.

EDIT 2: I apologize for nothing and honestly it brings a happy tear to my eye to to see so many people referring to him as SD, because that's what he was.  Fuck 'im.

A lot of people are saying it's her decision to make and it is but that doesn't mean I have to like it or support it, and yes right at this point I can see myself walking away if she insists on going.  We're going to counseling starting tomorrowAlright.

I'm a European woman in her mid-twenties who recently moved to San Francisco for a fancy-pants internship. It was a huge culture shock, but in a way, a welcome one- I'm gay (the very girly type people don't really clock as gay, but still) and this is the first time I've ever been out at work.

There is one co-worker who we shall call Linda. She's a trans woman (MtF).

Linda's position means that me and she and I don't really interact at work often. Therefore, I was told about her before I met her. One of my co-workers told me that she existed, I was due to meet her next week, and that she was a trans woman who uses she/her pronouns. I met Linda, didn't even ask for her pronouns and just used she/her, everything went alright, I thought that was the end of it.

Now, Linda does not pass as a cis woman.  She's still a woman and I'd never misgender her, but it is objectively visible that this is probably a trans woman, not a cis one.

This now caused an issue. A few of us had a Halloween get-together and invited Linda. At some point, she and I were alone at our table. We got talking about what it was like for me being this very girly gay woman in a male-dominated field in a conservative European country. At some point, I made a remark along the lines of 'but of course, you as a trans woman probably faced similar experiences'.

Her face just fell. She started hissing at me about how dare I presume she's trans, she hasn't been misgendered (I did NOT misgender her, at no point did I use 'he' or anything like that- I just said she was trans, which...she is) in years, and no one at work has ever had to ask for her pronouns etc. Drunk idiot I was, I blurted out 'but...we all know?' Which we do.

I was extremely confused. Apparently, out of the younger group of co-workers, no one ever actually asked her for her pronouns or gender identity because we all, just like me, got told by some colleague who'd been there longer that this was a trans woman who uses female pronouns. This somehow led Linda to believe that we didn't 'clock' her, which was a huge source of self-esteem for her.

Linda now, and I say this without a hint of exaggeration, hates my guts. She confided to another coworker that she's extremely hurt by me pointing out that she doesn't pass and that it was invasive and rude and how dare I judge her. I, on the other hand, don't really know what the hell happened here. She is trans, that is a fact of life, everyone knows and it is clearly visible.

AITA for saying what I said?As I said in my title, last night I sat my daughter down and told her that if she switches her major I will cease her tuition payments.

My daughter is currently a freshman in college. She has just started her first semester and I'm the one paying the bill. I have been saving for over 10 years to do this and I am happy to do it, as long as I feel she is actually setting herself up for success. During high school my daughter my daughter fell in love with computers. She took ever class she could on programming and computer science and declared that her major going into school. I supported her through all this because I thought this is what she loved and felt it set her up for a good job after school.

This last week she was on fall break so she came to stay with me over the weekend after spending a few days at my ex's house. My daughter yesterday morning decided to casually drop that she's planning on changing majors. I was shocked by this and asked why and what she was changing to. She is planning on switching into the liberal arts program. Now I know the major is the go to punching bag and it feels cliche, but I was honestly a little shocked by how casually she acted about this. When I tried to get why she was switching all I got was that she all of the sudden hates computer science and has made multiple friends who are majoring in LA. Apparently she has been talking with the councilors up there as well and they along with her friends have all recommended she switch majors.

I tried to ask her the regular stuff "what about your future", "How do you plan to get a job", etc. And she decided to ignore me and tell me that it's none of my business and that she's an adult. This angered me. I'm the one paying for this I feel I have a right to know and not be blown off like that. I thought over it all day and so last night I sat her down and told her that while yes, she is an adult. I am the one paying for her education and I won't be paying for her to get what is in my opinion a worthless degree. I told her if she doesn't want to do CS that's fine. But she needs to put more thought into the change and find something that she enjoys AND can get her a career. And if in the end she decides that she's an "adult" and she wants to be a liberal arts major. She can pay for it like an adult should, with her own money.

This did not sit well with her. We fought and she left saying i'm trying to control her life with money and am being a major asshole. My ex called me up after and told me that I'm no better than a dictator right now and that I'm using her college fund as ransom for her to do what I want.

&#x200B;

All I want is for my daughter to have a good life and job prospects. AITA here?

Edit:

Wow, did not expect this.

I have read a good amount of the responses on here and through the people who have messaged me. Before I say anything else let me clarify my position a bit because I see the same question sent to me and I don't feel like responding to hundreds of people individually.

I do not have a problem with my daughter getting a LA degree.

If my daughter called me up now and gave me her reasons for switching and a legitimate plan for how she will use this degree to secure a career, I would support her 100%. I don't care what my daughter does with her life. I just want her to do something with her life. I am looking to spend over one hundred thousand dollars over the next 4 years. The least I feel I can ask of my daughter is to have a plan in mind before she decides to make changes on my dime. I get that young adults who go to college are using this as a avenue to find themselves and explore. And many of you have told me that I should not treat this as setting her up for a career, and instead treat this as a "academic experience" to teach her life lessons. For those two last points, I feel you are wrong.

This money that I have saved is not a "gift". This is what I have saved for 10 years to make sure that she has opportunities that me my ex never had. This is my investment in her. For people who claim that I should be throwing my money at her no questions asked and support her, I respectfully disagree. Giving my daughter money for free, in my opinion, is the worst thing I could do for her right now. Supporting her as she makes a choice she has given me no justification for that will cost me thousands of dollars will kill me. And the fact that she seems to think that I am owed no explanation and that I should "mind my own business because she's an adult" is an insult to the investment I am making in her.

I am not arguing whether or not I am wrong. If you all feel I am an asshole for this, then I will accept that.

&#x200B;

I called my daughter and left a message saying that I wish to talk with her about this and that I feel we left off in a bad place and wish to talk about this more. If my daughter wants to go into LA, then that is her choice. Weather or not I pay for it will be mine.My husband hid $1500 (some insurance payout) from me and he played the whole “I don’t have money for gas” victim part. This money is not part of our savings or anything. Anyway, he had been hiding the money for 2 weeks. During those two weeks I bought groceries for us, I paid for our take out food, I offered to pay for his broken windshield, and overall I was concerned about whether or not he had enough money for himself. He saw me struggle putting to put gas in my truck. He let me pay for his car insurance. He heard my concerns and my offers to help him and he did not once tell me not to worry.

Yesterday I asked him to lend me $20 because a friend invited me somewhere last minute and I didn’t have cash. He got really nervous when I asked him if I could borrow his debit card. He started to act strange. I asked him if he was hiding something from me and he called me crazy and accused me of not believing him. I asked him if he was hiding money from me? And he denied it and said I was paranoid and crazy.

He checked his bank account in front of me and acted surprised. He literally shouted, “wow wow wow I have extra money!!!! Oh my god this is so awesome!!” And he played the whole I didn’t know part.

He continued to argue and I told him that I don’t care about the money I care about honesty. Why did he lie? and if he can lie so blatantly about this then he can lie (or has lied) about many things.

It took a whole day for him to finally confess that he was hiding the money from me because supposedly I was going to ask for some money if I knew. He said he felt guilty for not telling about it when he saw me struggle with money.

Today I asked him to leave the house. I called him cruel and deceitful. I told him that I don’t want to be with someone that can lie so blatantly.

By the way I’m 6 months pregnant with a very wanted and planned baby. We’ve know each other for 3 years.

Am I the as*hole for leaving him over this? 
I’m just so hurt by how easily he lied and called me crazy and paranoid. And now I’m questioning everything in our relationship. Maybe his gym sessions are time that he spends with women. I don’t know anything anymore.

***UPDATE****
I followed the advice I received here (thank you). He’s back home but staying in the guest room. He came back with a brand new baby car seat (guilt?) and he’s apologizing profusely. We’ll be taking marriage counseling.I (26F) was married to “Sam” (30M) for three years. He was bisexual, which I knew and accepted. We divorced a year ago, after some infidelity on his part. We have no children, and we do not speak.

I work in an admissions office, and my coworker “Andy” recently got a new boyfriend. We are not close, but I congratulated him and moved on with my day. During lunch break, I was part of a larger group conversation, and one of my other coworkers asked Andy for details.

I was shocked when he pulled up a picture of my ex-husband. I blurted something out, and everyone else basically went silent. I explained to Andy that I had been married to Sam, and that he was a serial cheater and had abused painkillers in the past (also true). I ended with saying, “...but if you want to fuck up your life, go ahead and date Sam.”

Fast forward to Thursday. Andy apparently complained about my “homophobia” to HR, and I explained the situation to our rep via email. I think the situation has resolved, but I’m not sure if I did anything wrong by warning Andy. I suppose I was trying to wreck my ex’s new relationship more than I was trying to help my coworker. Does that make me the asshole? AITA?

Edit: since people are asking, here’s a transcript of the conversation. I tried to make it as close to verbatim as possible. Sorry I wasn’t more detailed in the post.

Me, seeing the picture: “Wait, what?”

Andy: “...This is the guy I was telling you about.”

Me: “That’s my ex-husband!”

Andy: “Really? He knows where I work, and he never mentioned you.”

Me: “It’s absolutely him. And I should warn you, he’s a compulsive cheater and he pops pills. He even stole a bottle of painkillers from my mom, and I found them hidden in his truck. When we were married, he was literally doped up all the time. He’s a train wreck, but if you want to fuck up your life, go ahead and date him.”I know the title already sounds like i'm a major asshole, but there is a few more variables that need to be discussed before you make your decision. 

Also, this is a throwaway acct for obvious reasons

So I meet a girl on Tinder named "Kim" and we exchange a few messages before deciding to meet up for coffee.

The date is going OK, although it was a bit boring, we grabbed our cup of starbucks (i paid) we chatted for a bit and decided to drive to a cool little outdoor park to go for a walk. 

We drive around 30 mins to this park, listened to a bit of music on the way, still getting to know each other a bit and everything was going fine. 

I parked, we got out of the car and walked a bit, still chatting, nothing deep, but the usual what you do for work, hobbies etc etc.

I had to take a leak, so I go to the bathroom and when I walked out, I noticed she was talking to a guy and he was being very flirty and when I walked up to them, he asked who I was and she responded: "oh he's just my friend hahaha" and he said he wanted to grab her number to go out for a drink sometime. She was all too happy to give him the number and they hug with a kiss on the cheek before he leaves. 

At this point I was just over it. I wasn't that interested in her and if she's the type of person to show interest in another guy and exchange info in front of me I have no future with her.

I decided to make up some random excuse to get away from her and just got in my car and drove home. I didn't want to have to deal with her company for a 40 minute drive and was over it. 

Oh well, I honestly feel like a bit of an asshole, but also feel it was just in a sense considering what happened....FINAL EDIT AT BOTTOM:
As a side gig I teach once a week for a local university. The students come to the hospital where I work and I teach them by doing direct patient care. They also have written assignments to complete, some for me in the clinical setting and some in the classroom. Most of the students I have are seniors, so college work is not new to them. 

This semester I have a student who just has a lack of motivation and puts in little effort. Her assignments are usually submitted late, but there is nothing in the syllabus that states they can’t be turned in late for full credit 🙄 The students are also allowed to redo one failed assignment for full credit. She failed her first assignment and I have reminded her throughout the term that she has to redo it because it’s a required assignment to pass the course. 

She shows up exactly on time or 2-3 minutes late for class. Their syllabus states that they must be on time for the clinical portion of class (that I teach) or they will be sent home and their absence unexcused. I have not kicked her out when she’s been 2-3 minutes late because it just seems petty. She has also missed a couple of classes that had to be made up with other clinical experiences to get her required hours. I’ve discussed this with her course professor and also with the student in her midterm evaluation. 

She missed her second to last clinical and I reminded her that she would have to complete that final assignment at her last clinical to pass. She assured me she would. I had a conversation with her classroom professor who has also been frustrated with the student this term. She had just finally turned in an assignment that was 3 weeks late. I was annoyed by that because she ended up getting the same grade as students who completed it on time. Next semester the syllabus will specify points lost for late assignments. This hasn’t historically been an issue. 

Her course professor had a conversation with her in class last week about her final clinical and that assignment absolutely having to pass or she fails the course. On the last day of clinical, all the students were there, dressed in scrubs, ready for patient rounds, on time. Except this student who walked in 3 minutes late and not dressed. I said “You are late and you are not ready. This is unprofessional. You need to leave immediately.” 

So, my making her leave means she fails the course because there is no other chance to make it up and it’s final exam week. It also means it delays her graduation by at least one semester because she will have to retake that course and can’t take a course next term that needs this one as a pre-req. At the time I felt very justified in sending her home. She’s been given several warnings and multiple breaks with late work. But now I’m feeling kind of like I might have been an asshole in kicking her out knowing it guaranteed her course failure when I’ve let her stay when she was late in the past. What do you think, Reddit?

EDIT:
I’ve had a few comments where I’ve addressed this and it should probably be added to the original post. 

I did discuss her tardiness with her several times. At the beginning of the term she was 2-3 minutes late every day. At first I said “Be careful of your time!” Then a more stern “We start on time, you need to be dressed and ready to go by the start of clinical.” But I was trying not to be a total hard ass over 2 minutes. At midterm I had to do a written evaluation of each student. I put on there that she was often tardy and needed to be on time. Those go in her file. I also filed an Academic Improvement Plan which discussed her tardiness to clinical and those failed assignments. The AIP outlines future expectations which included being on time and turning in assignments. The AIP stays in her file and goes to her academic advisor. At that time I told her she had to be on time and ready for clinical, or the next tine she would be sent home.

EDIT 2:
Holy cow, I shut my phone off for a couple of hours to go see a movie and this is exploding!! I’m trying really hard to catch up on reading everyone’s comments and answer questions. Bear with me if you posted a question, I’m trying to weave me way through this thread. 

I’ve seen a few comments and gotten a bunch of dm’s calling me a misogynistic pig. I’m a female. This student being a female had zero to do with my decision. Last term I had a male student who behaved similarly and nearly failed, but finally got his shit together and showed up on time. I don’t care what their gender is, just do your freaking work. 

And for the people saying I’m TA because why does 2-3 minutes make a difference? You clearly have no idea what rounds are like in a hospital. At the time it begins you have doctors, nurses, residents, students, possibly case managers, social workers, etc, who assemble in a group to present each patient’s case. Every one of them is ready to go. At our hospital, an overhead announcement is made 10 minutes before rounds start so that everyone gets their shit together and is ready. I’ve told my students it’s best to arrive about 10-15 min early so they can be changed in hospital scrubs and in the group ready to go. Nobody is waiting 2-3 minutes for a student to catch up. And you can be damn sure nobody is waiting 10 minutes for a student who came in late and wasn’t dressed.

FINAL EDIT: Wow, I really didn’t expect this to garner so many comments! I tried really hard to read all of them and answer the ones asking for more info. I thought it would be easiest to update the most frequently asked questions here. 

Yes, I did attempt to find out what was going on in her personal life. I’m not an ogre. I wanted to help her and would have been willing to help her in any way I could if she’d given me anything I could work with. Her tardiness was typically the result of staying out too late and sleeping as late as possible. The incomplete and late assignments were the result of failing another course and focusing more on bringing her grade up there. So I tried being flexible on both to keep her sane, which evidently was not what I should have done. 

She did not fail because she was late for class. She had a required assignment 3 months ago that she failed. She put the redo off for 3 months. The day before her final clinical practicum she was advised that it was her last chance to complete it and that she had to be on time and prepared because she was on a final written warning for tardiness. Her failing grade comes from not completing a required assignment. 

I do not know if she has ADHD. I will keep that in mind in the future if I see this again. 

I have requested that the course professor edit the syllabus next term to include a clause for late assignments. It’s not my syllabus to write. I don’t teach in the classroom. 

Due to a lot of comments I’ve read, I now realize that I need to be more of a hard ass in enforcing attendance rules and wasn’t doing anyone any favors trying to be lenient. So, in the future I will allow the one tardy with a warning. Second time I will send them home. 

Thank you everyone for your feedback! I really was conflicted over it. I felt like since I have her a final written warning saying her next tardy resulted in her being sent home, she needed to be sent home. I just struggled a bit because of it being her last chance to complete her assignment. But you’ve all made me realize that it was her choice and she was aware of those consequences. I appreciate all of your comments, no matter how you voted. It helped me to look deeper at what I was doing and what I will do in the future.My wife and I had a pretty normal marriage. No kids, both employed and really happy together. For 99% of our relationship we didn't have any major problems, we made time for each other, so on and so forth. 

She recently went away with her friend for a girls trip. The first two days after she came back everything was fine, and on the third we went to dinner with this friend and her boyfriend. Dinner went well, came home and went to bed. Wife woke me up in the middle of the night crying saying there was something she had to tell me. Long story short, she had cheated on me the entire trip and her friend had cheated on her boyfriend as well, apparently the dinner together caused her to have an attack of conscience because she messaged my wife after I had fallen asleep telling her that she was going to come clean to her partner and my wife had to tell me as well or she would.

We talked, yelled, cried. I spent most of the night sick. Told me it was just a horribly stupid decision and was perfectly happy with me (which honestly makes it worse, why risk a happy marriage for an affair), it wasn't my fault, the usual. I've been staying at my sister's place while we figure out the divorce.

Before this went down she had been scheduled for tests and scans for what we thought were relatively non-serious health problems. Turns out we were wrong, as I was just contacted last week by her cousin telling me a scan revealed cancer. I got in touch with my wife and we talked, she proved her diagnosis and filled me in on some details. She was understandably terrified and begged me to come back, to talk to her, hug her, give her a chance, to be there with her. I told her I wished her all the best, I'm very sorry for what she's going through and know she's strong enough to make it through but while I'd help financially from a distance, I wasn't physically going back.

They (not her) have been harassing me, telling me to man up and go to her. My own friends are split 50/50. I don't want to go back. Before anyone pulls the "this is probably why she cheated!" card, no. We had a good marriage, we had a sit-down talk every month to discuss anything wrong. We were solid. She just chose to take a chance on a quick thrill, despite knowing cheating is a 100% dealbreaker for me. She never even planned to tell me until her friend forced her. While I certainly don't think anyone deserves this and I am sorry it happened to her, in my opinion her diagnosis doesn't change our situation. I feel it'll be harder on both of us with me being there knowing I won't forgive her when it's over. It feels like prolonging the inevitable, and I feel like my obligation to her ended when she chose to betray our marriage. She has family and friends so she isn't alone. I care about the woman I thought I married, but I no longer love who she turned out to be, so I feel it'd be unfair to both of us for me to be there. I'm not trying to punish her, my heart just isn't in it anymore. AITA?

**Edit**: To the reddit detectives further down. When I said "we talk every month" about our problems, it doesn't mean we only talk once a month in strict time slots. We talked as often as needed, but made a point at least once a month to sit with each other and check in, see how we're feeling and so on. Secondly, I mentioned she proved her diagnosis because when I was told I didn't believe it, I figured it was a ploy to get me to come over and talk because she and her family had been trying to get me to reconsider from the moment I left. I also didn't want numerous answers to be filled with that exact same speculation. As far how she cheated the "entire" trip, the two of them went with the purpose of meeting up with two specific people her friend knew. And I figured this would be easy to figure out but I guess not, I knew her friend forced her to tell me because I demanded to see their messages after she told me she cheated. Finally, I know a lot of people post made up stories. I'm not one of those people, but short of providing personal details I can't prove it. If I wanted karma I wouldn't be on a throwaway, I posted here because when some of your own friends are telling you that you're unreasonable I think it's time for neutral third party judgement and I was hoping for valuable insight, which many people provided. To the mods, I'm sorry this post wasn't a great fit here. I'll post in the appropriate subs in the future.My sister is getting married in August 2020. My boyfriend (who is also vegan) and I are both invited. My sister reached out to me the day of the proposal and asked me to be a bridesmaid, which I was ecstatic about. My sister and I are very close, so she said it would be really meaningful to her if I was in the wedding party. I’m really excited for her, and I feel great that she values me enough to give me a spot. 

Her and her fiance have been on top of planning everything to avoid stress and pushing things off to the last minute. One of the things they already have picked are the venue and catering. I asked my sister about food options knowing there will likely only be a couple of dishes we can eat, but she told me there won’t be any options for us. Now I’m used to picking from a few side dishes, so I wasn’t expecting a lot, but my sister knows I’m vegan and knew it well before she got engaged. Apparently even the vegetables are going to be very buttery, so we can’t even eat those. I don’t expect a whole vegan friendly wedding, but I’m sure at least one option couldn’t have hurt. 

I asked my sister about including at least one thing for me, and she just told me I was probably going to have to find something else to bring in to eat or that I should eat before the wedding so I won’t be hungry when everyone else sits down to eat. Like what? 

This honestly would not be a huge deal if I was going to someone else’s wedding who I wasn’t very close to, but my sister stressed and emphasized so much about how important it was to her that my boyfriend and I be there, then she won’t bother to make sure we can actually eat anything then tells me to just bring something else in while everyone else is catered to. 

I understand it’s her wedding. She has enough on her plate already, and I won’t try to make her change the menu for us, but we both feel hurt that we’re just being tossed to the side and told to fend for our own food.

Edit: A piece of info that I did not include is that my parents keep kosher, and they are being provided with options.I am 24M and I have a friend who is 21, she is really nice and we've known each other for a year. She is my sister's acquaintance and we met at my sister's birthday party. I have a crush on her although she isn't exactly my type. Lately I feel like I've been getting vibes that she likes me back.

Last week I won a raffle and have 2 tickets to see a famous singer perform next month in a nearby city. She also happens to like this singer so I asked her if she wanted to go with me as a date. I said I can book us a hotel room and we can spend the night together. She said she'd love to go, but only as friends. She says she's alright with us splitting a hotel room as long as it has two beds. She told me she doesn't feel ready to date anyone at the moment, and she doesn't do flings either, so unfortunately we can only be platonic friends. I said I'll think about it. I was quite hurt because honestly I don't have much experience with rejection, and I was annoyed that she turned me down. 

Today, i asked my female coworker to go with me to the concert as a date. She immediately said yes and seemed quite excited about it although she admitted that she never listened to any of their songs. Still, I'm taking her out for drinks on Friday. But just now, the friend who I asked originally asked if we were still on for the concert. I told her honestly that I already asked another woman, and she seemed disappointed but dropped the subject.

When I told my sister about what happened, she said I'm being really douchy. She says her friend is a huge fan of the singer and I should take her instead of my coworker who doesn't even like the band but only wants to go because she likes me. I said she can't understand because she's not a dude. Because let's me honest, if I had the choice between going out with a girl who only wants to be my "friend" versus a girl who is super into me and wants to take things to the next level, then obviously I'm taking the second one. AITA for just being honest about what I want?

**EDIT**: Because a lot of the hang up is over the hotel room thing: YES I would have been fine if the first girl agreed to go with me as a date, but wanted separate hotel beds/rooms. Nowhere do I even say that we have to share a bed...

But the part where she says she’s not ready to date anyone essentially means she is not interested in me. She likely said she’ll go with me as friends just to be nice and not hurt my feelings. So why would I make the experience awkward for the both of us when I could bring along someone who actually is interested in dating me? **EDIT OVER**My son sat me and his mother down last week and told us he had gotten his girlfriend pregnant. He is only 17 and she is 16. I told him I was proud that he came forward to tell me, but I didn't get too far into the discussion before he told me that they are keeping the baby. Both have not graduated high school, and frankly, both are quite irresponsible. According to him, having a child is "easy" and not "really that hard". We tried to persuade him to look at other options, but he was adamant that they were going to have the kid and that was the end of that.

Since then, the house has been quite tense. Any talk of the situation is immediately shut-down and my son refuses to see what we are attempting to show him. I have decided to teach him that kids are more difficult then he initially thinks. Since my son told us they were pregnant, I have done the following:

1. I wake him up twice a night, 2 hours apart after he has fallen asleep. I open the door, scream as loud as I can until I know he is awake, and I shut the door. I've done this 5 nights in a row.
2. I purchased a sack of flour for him and dressed it in a diaper. I have made him change the diaper every 2 hours, and if he doesn't, I shut off the internet until he changes it. I will sometimes smear nutella in the diaper for added effect/mess.
3. While playing one of his games, I told him his "baby" wanted to be held. Giving me a truly shit-eating grin, he told me he has no issue playing his game and holding the baby. I placed the sack of flour in his arms and he continued to play basically one handed. While he was doing this, I went to the kitchen, grabbed a small cup of applesauce and splashed it on his shoulder while he was playing. I told him that his baby spit up and he might want to pause his game to take care of that.
4. I have not allowed him to go to the movies or hang out with his friends at their house. When he presses me for a reason, I tell him "You dont have a babysitter. You can go if you take your sack of flour with you." He has not gone anywhere in a week.
5. Yesterday, I did my best pratfall in front of his friends who were over and then wailed and cried until he came over and started talking to me. I told him babies demand attention, and he will have to get used to this. This was the last straw for him.

After his friends left, he accused me of being an asshole and for being ridiculous with the wants and needs of a baby. He told me I am being completely unrealistic. I reminded him that he himself was an incredibly fussy baby, and everything I have done so far he has done to me in the past.

His mother tells me I am being an asshole and to let him make his own decisions, but I don't want my 17 year shackled to a baby when neither of them are ready for this. If anything, I want him to realize how hard this is going to be, and to at least look at options.

Tell me the truth; Am I being too much of an asshole here?Living a healthy lifestyle is important to me, and it's important to pass it onto my kids as well. I have a second grader who I have brought up (so far) to be very involved in the kitchen, what we eat, diet and exercise. 

She came home with a note from her teacher the other day asking to please send her with more "appropriate" snacks and lunches. I thought for a minute that maybe I accidentally grabbed one of my Quest Bars or something for her and asked my daughter.

For her morning snack, all the other kids had something like cookies, fruit by the foot/gummy snacks, etc. My daughter's absolute favorite snack ever is pickles, and she has said herself that she's never that hungry at snack time because we have a nice high protein breakfast, I put in a cut up pickle for her along with a babybel cheese in case she *was* hungry. The teacher commented on it.

Lunchtime came around, and I guess a similar thing happened. My kid goes nuts for anything spicy, so for lunches this week I made a cold spicy sesame noodle dish with lots of peanuts, shaved carrots, etc. Her friend wanted to sample it so she gave some to her friend, and I guess it was crazy spicy for the friend and she cried to the teacher. This is what sparked the note. 

So I explained that she shouldn't share "spicy" foods with her friends, and figured I'd skip the pickles next time. Well, it wasn't good enough. Just yesterday, the teacher sent home a letter to everyone explaining that she's requesting we make sure to send "age appropriate" foods to school, and gave examples of things like a PB & J, snack pack pudding, fruit cups, etc.

I called the teacher and asked her about the note. Teacher became very judgmental and said to please just remember my daughter is "a little kid" and that she doesn't need to worry about eating "adult food" yet. I asked if there was some kind of school policy about this, and she became very icy and said "No" and "This really shouldn't be a big deal."

This might be where I fucked up. I told the teacher that I'm the parent, and there's nothing wrong with my child's diet. That when she (the teacher) has kids, she can feed what she might she'd like, but that unless there's some kind of school policy, I will continue to send my kid to school with the foods I pick. Teacher got huffy and hung up. 

Just to double check, I asked my daughter two things: Does she LIKE her lunches? (Enthusiastic yes about most of them!) and "Are the other kids making fun of you?" because I know that can be an issue. She said no, and that sometimes they even ask for a pickle too. 

So AITA, or is this teacher way out of line?To preface this i think i might have overreacted because honestly? i can't stand driving. i hate it. but i gotta get places and where i live that means driving.

Little bit of info first, my car is an older car with the stereo that you can change the faceplate, like the buttons and stuff. a few years ago i sent it to a mechanic friend for a tune-up and he put bluetooth in it as a gift.

I occasionally(usually averages out to once or twice every 2-3 months) have to drive several hours to see a specialist for a medical condition I've had since i was born. over the last year or so my GF(R) has started to come with me, which i appreciate very much because i know hospitals bring back a lot of not-good memories for her.

For the Issue at hand. R is very much a social butterfly and loves to talk on the phone. whenever she gets a call she'll reach over and turn the volume all the way down or mute it, not even pausing my music/podcast or whatever. it's an almost unconscious action. if i try to turn it back up, my hand either gets swatted away or i get told "this is important", or "i need to hear this". if this was once or twice during a drive it's whatever i don't care that much. but if it's a 3 hour drive, she's on the phone with friends or doing errands over the phone for at least half of it. we've had multiple talks about it, but she just either brushes me off or insists she's not on the phone for that long.

it drives me up a wall, i hate sitting in traffic listening to half a conversation that doesn't have anything to do with me, for hours. so this time before we left, i connected my bluetooth to the car and then took the faceplate off so the only way you could control it was though my phone, which was in my pocket.

she's pretty mad, not about that music, but that she felt i was treating her like a teenager and punishing her. i felt that it wasn't about punishing her, but just actually being able to listen to my podcast without being unreasonably interrupted.

Edit: to answer some FAQs, She doesn't drive, never has. we both live in the city and it wasn't necessary for her because she either walks or bikes to work. the hospital is in the next city over.

i always run the podcast(if that's the plan sometimes just music.) by her the night before or that morning because i download it to not use any data, we both like crime shows and stand-up podcasts so it's usually in that vein, Dr death, YMH, bill burr, court junkies, stuff like that. I love to talk to her, and am more than happy to pause anything for conversation, but if she's on the phone i would at least like to be able to listen to something i enjoy also. turn it down, by all means, just not off. and if you have to turn it off, at least pause it so i don't have to play catch-up 20 minutes later when I'm allowed to listen again

i can't use headphones, it's illegal to do that and drive where i am. she doesn't like to take phonecalls with headphones, which i can't really blame her for, because i don't like to either.

I've brought this up both immediately before and after drives, and the response is either a promise not to touch the volume when she's on the phone that gets broken after 20 mins or platitudes that's she's not on she's not on the phone for THAT long. if i ask her to check the timecodes of a call or how many she thought she made she gets extremely defensive and just accuses me of trying to start an argument. I never asked her to come on these routine trips so i try to just let it go when we get there and just enjoy her being there with me. i have asked her to come on more serious appointments, where surgery is involved or i stay overnight. but even during a routine trip i try plan something to do so the whole day isn't wasted, a nice or famous restaurant or something.

after thinking about it and how I felt for the last few hours i really think she's in denial about how long she's on the phone, and I feel slighted and angry because i feel like i need her permission to listen to the stereo in my car. I'll talk to her more when she gets home, if we've both cooled off enough.My family is Asian, my husbands side is white.

My husband and I got married and are treating his side of the family, and my side to a 1 week all expense paid vacation to bora bora as a pre family honeymoon before going off on our “real” one. 
We were able to rent out half a side of the bungalows and only one villa was in that section. My husband and I took the villa.

The bungalows are a 1000 sq feet 1 bedroom(option of 1 king bed or 2 queens), 1 bathroom, and out door space type of deal. We made sure everyone was accommodated for and everyone had a comfortable living situation. 

Our villa is a 4000 sq ft 1 bedroom, 1 bath including sauna, living room, a grand out door space, with an outdoor bath tub, pool and slide to get in the ocean. 

We have not even made it a whole 24 hours here yet and a fight has already broken out. During dinner, my cousin mentioned wanting to come over and use our slide. My grandparents asked what we were talking about and asked to see pictures of our room. 

Well, they saw my villa and demanded that we trade rooms with them as no elders should made to “slave” and live as “peasants” while their grandchildren get a nicer room. 

This is bora bora we’re talking about. No one is living as a peasant here. 

There was only 1 villa available in our section. Had I given it to my grandparents I think it would’ve been offensive to my husbands grandparents. If there was 3, we would’ve given it to both grandparents and 1 for ourself. But unfortunately, there wasn’t. I mentioned this and they still demanded the villa.

I obviously objected, and said I felt as though my husband and I should have that room as this is a vacation with family to celebrate OUR marriage, plus we paid for this entire trip? Wouldn’t one just sit back and be grateful they’re on a free vacation instead of complaining?

My grandparents freaked out. Saying I’m holding money above their head and that I’m being disrespectful and not following their orders. They stormed off after threatening to take the first flight out tomorrow morning and leaving. 

Idk what to do. My side of the family is telling me to just give them the room to be respectful and bring peace to the family, while my husbands side thinks my grandparents are bat shit crazy and I agree. They are so ridiculous. All I wanted was both sides of the family to get together and get to know each other and now it’s falling apart. 

I don’t think I’m the asshole at all, but I’ve been up all night thinking wether I should just squash it and invite my grandparents to stay in my villa in order for them not to leave. But another part of me just wants to tell them to go fuck themselves for making my honey moon about themselves, just like they do with everything else. 

So Reddit, what do I do? WIBTA if I denied giving up my villa?



***UPDATE***
Even though I really wanted to be petty and tell them to fuck off, I decided it’d be better to kill them with kindness so they have little to work with if they decide to spin it around that I was disrespectful.

During breakfast my grandparents refused to show up if I was there. Everyone tried calling them-nope we’re not coming cause disrespectful granddaughter is there. After a lot of persuading and even having to send our baby cousin to their room to soften them up, they finally decided to come. 

I made the first conversation by asking if they looked at any flights to leave yet, they could forward the paystub to my cell. They said they hadn’t looked yet and that should be my job if I was kicking them out?? I made sure they knew I was not kicking them out, but understood if they wanted to leave and offered to send some staff to their room to pack up their belongings so they could have a little more time to explore, or get their complimentary in room massage that comes with all the bungalows. 

They kind of stopped eating and looked at each other in shock. Every time they threaten not to go anywhere, my family has always babied them and begged them not to leave and offer money or extravagant gifts for them to stay. 

Well, I’m not doing that. 
I’ll pay for their flight back home, but I’ve already done enough accommodating on MY honeymoon vacation. 

So there you have it. My grandparents weren’t even planning to go home, they tried scaring me into begging them to stay. I called their bluff. 

After breakfast, I found a flight leaving around 5pm and walked to the main desk to ask them to cancel reservations for that room for the rest of the trip and to send staff to help pack. They also didn’t get their complimentary massage because the resort only offers that on 4 night stays or longer. 

Staff came to help pack, and they left half an hour ago. Im currently in my villa de stressing before dinner and some uncles came in(who were married into family) and confided in me that they were sick and tired of the entitlement my grandparents have had since day 1 and they were glad someone born into the family decided to speak up. My cousins came over and honestly couldn’t care less my grandparents are gone, in their words “they kill the vibe”. So everyone’s happy right now and is using my slide before cleaning up for dinner. 

I’m happy I was able to stand up to my grandparents without being blatantly disrespectful. 

I have an overflow of messages and comments, that I can’t get back to. However, the main question is what my profession is. 

I did not go the usual Asian route. I actually dropped out my last year of college and started a fashion line that took a couple years to take off, but surprisingly sky rocketed a few years ago. My dad is also an entrepreneur, I looked up to him and am so glad I had him as an inspiration who paved the way. Don’t give up on your dreams.Hi AITA. I am going to try to make this as brief as possible so I don't ramble.

&#x200B;

I dated Em for a year and a half. During this time I confided in her some personal secrets, which I don't feel comfortable sharing even anonymously. Because of these she knows that there are certain things, related to sex mostly, that I am very sensitive towards.

&#x200B;

We did not part on friendly terms after our breakup and we don't talk anymore. I broke up with her because I found out she cheated on me, and she flipped out. Recently I found out that she is seeing one of my coworkers, and that he is spreading rumors about me that she told him. She basically told him bits and pieces of the personal information I shared with her when we were together and now he's spreading some of that around the office.

&#x200B;

I sent her a message telling her to stop spreading my secrets around and to leave me alone. She replied sending me explicit videos of herself having sex with my coworker because she knew it would hurt me. That was the last straw for me, and I sent the video to all of her family and friends with the message that "this is what Em sends me when I ask her to leave me alone and stop spreading rumors."

&#x200B;

Her familly is quite religious and they lost it. Apparently, they pulled their financial support for her college and arent speaking with her atm. AITA?

&#x200B;

TL:DR my ex sent me unsolicited sexual videos when i asked her to leave me alone. I sent them to her family. AITA?

&#x200B;

Edit: Well this blew up. I'll try and answer some of the things I have seen asked most often here:

&#x200B;

1: I feel somewhat obligated to clear the air that no, the information being spread was not that I have a small dick, or anything else that was trivial. To put things as general as possible, and to give an idea of how serious the rumors being spread were, I was a victim of CSA for a period of several years, and it had a pretty profound impact on my life. It led to me doing some pretty stupid things to cope with it, as well as having a bunch of issues that I struggle with to this day (I never hurt anyone in any way, but there's some shit that I've done that I'd like to not have spread around). She has been picking and choosing the parts from my history that she feels will most hurt me to have spread around, and adding a few stories of her own here and there.

&#x200B;

2: By all of her friends and family, I meant her parents, brother, and a couple of close friends. I worded that terribly. I have not been in the best headspace as of late. Sorry.

&#x200B;

3: We have not spoken since. I have no desire to speak to her ever again. My coworker has been on sick leave (apparently) for the past couple days and I have not heard anything from him. As petty and shitty as this sounds, she can die for all I care. I have gone to bed hating myself for ever involving myself with that person ever since she cheated on me. Maybe I am an asshole too for my reaction, but she can get bent. I feel no guilt whatsoever for any shit she has to go through because of this.

&#x200B;

4: I will be speaking to my lawyer tomorrow to see what he thinks. I have the money to fight a legal case if I have to, though obviously, I would rather not.

&#x200B;

yeah. that pretty much the main things I wanted to clear up. I'll go through the thread tomorrow if I feel up to it and see if there's anything else. It's a bit of a shitshow and I'm not really emotionally in the right place to read through 1k+ comments atmMy partner and I bought a house this summer, and for Thanksgiving we’re hosting my parents-in-law, my sister-in-law (SIL), and her husband. SIL is due with her first baby at the end of February.

The plan is to have parents (in their late 60’s) sleep in our guest bedroom on a proper frame and mattress. That leaves our office, with an air mattress (a decent one, but still) for SIL and her husband. 

Last time SIL visited overnight a few months ago, we had other guests already staying in the guest bedroom for several weeks and felt it would be a lot to have them move all their personal items, so we gave her the air mattress again.  She made a big deal about how pregnant people should get priority sleeping arrangements, even if it means uprooting someone for a night. She recently mentioned to my partner that maybe she and her husband should take our master bedroom when they come in a few days for the holiday.

I’ve never been pregnant, and I can respect that maybe you just want some damn comfort as you grow a human. However, I think my judgment may be clouded by my annoyance that she historically makes a stink about getting what she wants, pregnant or not. Further, I currently live long-distance from my partner, and I am only home for the week. I just want to enjoy the visit, appreciate the home we’ve bought AND sleep in my master bedroom, dammit. AITA?

EDIT: Thanks for all of your suggestions and reality checks. I really liked the suggestion from /u/lizard_windowpane to leave it to the in-laws in a group chat to determine who sleeps where. Realistically, it feels a bit late in the game to insinuate via text that SIL would be better off not showing up, so my partner and I have decided to put our nice comfy mattress into the office for SIL and rock out on the air mattress in our room for the visit. Is it a perfect solution? No, but SIL and elder in-laws get much-needed comfort, we keep our room. Hopefully next year, we’ll just be guests!A regular offered me $100 to take a shot with him, he has been drinking at the bar I worked at for over 10 years, I worked there for 4 years. I made a shot with sour mix and cranberry to match the color of his so he thought I was taking one. I just want to make extra money.

My manager happened to see this on the cameras. There is a strict no drinking policy at this bar for bartenders on the clock, and it’s a new manager who is trying to show her authority so she made an example of me and fired me.

There is no way to prove there wasn’t booze in my shot, I saw the footage and with the liquor gun we have right next to the pop gun there is no way to prove I didn’t put liquor in that shot.

I honestly don’t and didn’t care enough to argue with her about it. I’m about to start a new job since I graduate from school after this semester and am not to concerned about my future in bartending.

I trained basically every new person at this bar, and I was honest with them that I was fired in our work group chat. They all started saying if you got fired for that we don’t want to work here either. They were all saying bad things about the manager and how they want to screw the whole bar over by all quitting at the same time.

I told them that our new manager is balls to the walls. I said I’m going to be just fine, but not to make my same mistake and drink ANYTHING out of a shot glass because she is that concerned about it. I also told them to think for themselves and do whatever they need to when it comes to their jobs.

I then let my anger overtake me and I said “if you want to find a job where you don’t have to be constantly looking over your back and have to be worried about an insane manager find different bartending and serving jobs. You’re all capable people that don’t deserve a psycho watching over you when you’ve put good time into a work place.” I basically contradicted myself. 

I feel like I went over the top, my sister said I should’ve kept my mouth shut. But I explained the whole situation to the old manager, who taught me the “mix things together to look like booze so people don’t feel rejected when they buy you shots trick”. She thinks it’s crazy the new manager won’t trust me after training so many people in and my old manager loves me.

My old manager quit because she was moving away with her fiancé, but she told the new manager that I was trustworthy and I thought the new manager would have some trust considering I was basically running the bar when she came in. 

Whatever the case, AITAH for letting a lot of employees quit on my behalf? Because as of now 7/10 bartenders where I was fired from are planning a group quit. I don’t want the bar to close, but I want my manager to realize that she messed up...Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cuvkw3/wibta_if_i_cancelled_our_wedding/

TLDR at the bottom! 

Hello, all! It's been some time since I laid out all the bullshit my fiance and I were dealing with in regards to planning our wedding and such. We were so overwhelmed with the immense response and support, so, thank you to everyone who contributed and offered advice. Now, on to what happened! 

My fiance and I talked it through, the pros and cons, etc. We both realized how unhappy we were with how things were going and decided that we were going to cancel the wedding and move forward with eloping. We decided that we didn't want it to be just us, but a small group of family and friends as well. We were both ecstatic, but, also EXTREMELY worried at how our parents were going to take it. Especially considering our guest list went from over 120 people, to 20. But, we were both committed and he decided to tell his parents and I would then tell mine. 

Surprisingly, his parents were SO supportive and extremely ecstatic that we were getting eloped. They were even more excited when we let them know we wanted them there and they booked their flight soon after! They also handled telling their families and friends in Texas that we were eloping and to get over it. So, that saved us the trouble! His other family was very supportive and wished us the best. My father also was incredibly supportive and couldn't wait to be there. My mother on the hand, was FURIOUS.

The phone call to her started off calmly enough and I did let her know before beginning the conversation that she most likely wouldn't enjoy this. But, I pressed forward. I told her our reasons, our stresses, how we felt disrespected and disregarding concerning everything, I laid it all out in a calm and collected manner. Once finished, she was very quite and simply said, alright. I knew immediately that I was pretty well fucked, but, we ended the phone call with her stating she understood. 

Less than 24 hours later, she texts me asking if my brother (whom one of our biggest stressors was about) was invited. I was pissed because I had just had this conversation with her and explicitly told her who was invited and etc. I responded back with a simple no and that my father, grandmother and herself were invited. Well, shit hit the fan.

She sent me a wall of texts, calling me all sorts of names, throwing my fiance's family in my face and how we took their side, how I never truly gave a shit about her feelings, all the good stuff. I remained calm and before sending each response, consulted my fiance as to not sound like a total bitch. Long story short, she said unless my brother is invited, she won't be coming. So, I told her not to come. I was over it and stopped responding to her texts. 

For days she texted me, saying all the same as before and kept asking if my brother was invited. I responded once and told her that until she apologized (she won't) that I wouldn't be seeing or speaking to her about anything regarding the wedding. I offered an open seat to our wedding, whether she shows or not, is completely up to her. 

My fiance and I have already booked a small venue for our elopment and are more excited planning this than our previous wedding and are looking forward to our future! 

TLDR: We are eloping, bitches!

Edit; Since everyone here has become a dictionary for the word "elopement", take it however you like. Small wedding/elopement, I don't care. I'm marrying the love of my life in the way I want, so, I won either way 👍I am marrying into my fiancés white family next summer, and I have been with him for almost 4 years now, and I met his family very early on, less than a year in. I am Latina, but third generation, but I guess I must look very racially ambiguous because I get a lot of questions and guesses. That being said, my fiancé’s dad KNOWS I’m Latina. He’s met my parents, and he’s asked before. 

Ever since we announced our engagement, his moms been very involved in planning so we’re around his parents a lot more often. FIL has asked NUMEROUS times “what are you again?” Or “you’re (insert random race of brown people) right?” And other variations. At first I didn’t think much of it but it happens SO often that I can’t help but think it’s on purpose. My fiancé and his mom seem to not think much of it, or they’ll just laugh it off as if he’s joking or implying it’s funny that he’s “forgotten” again. This seriously happens like once a week I wanna say. 

So, I’ve just started “joking” back and either confirming I’m whatever he thinks I am that day, or I just tell him something random. My fiancé thought it was funny at first but has now changed his mind and thinks I’m being disrespectful. I think it’s his dad being disrespectful, and I’m dealing with it in a funny lighthearted way. AITA

EDIT: I meant ethnicity not race! Sorry!

ANOTHER EDIT: guys... it’s okay! I think this has gotten out of hand. My future FIL is being annoying at worst, it might have racial undertones but he’s a normal decent guy who treats me well outside of all this, not some sort of hateful racist monster. I assumed the fact that I’m able to joke back to him about it implied that this is honestly all in good fun, just because it has some serious undertones doesn’t mean it’s some sort of relationship ending catastrophe. If it helps, imagine he was calling me by the wrong name and I gave him a fake one each time. It’s not as racially charged, but it’s honestly about the same energy behind it if that makes sense. I’m engaging in this discussion and getting into the racial implications because I genuinely find it interesting and fun, but it really doesn’t have to be as serious as it’s gotten. Thanks guys!!When I was a child my dad built me a dollhouse. It was lovely. He worked so hard on it, everything was so detailed, down to the tooth brushes, light switches, etc. imo, it’s a piece of art. I took care of it very well and he even installed a sliding plastic door with a lock on it so I could protect it from my more destructive little sister.


I moved out and the doll house stayed at my mom’s. Now my mom has grandkids(my sister’s kids) and they have destroyed it. A bunch of pieces are missing, the lights have been torn out, the carpet and curtains have been torn up, the chimney is broken, etc. When I saw it I was hurt at how destroyed this incredible gift from my now deceased father was.


So I decided to take it back to my house to fix it and keep it safe. My sister noticed when she took the kids to my Mom’s and it was gone so she asked me about it. 


She asked if she could have it or at least bring it back to mom’s bc her kids play with it. 

I didn’t want to start a big uproar so I tried to kindly explain that I wanted to keep it preserved how dad made it. I told her the kids can play with it when they are at my house but they needed to get better about taking care of it and not messing everything up. 


She got really mad and said “omg it’s a fucking dollhouse. It’s supposed to be played with. I’m not bringing my kids over so you can critique their playtime” 


AITA for wanting to preserve the doll house our father made?My wife stays in contact with her ex who she dated for 5 years before meeting me. All they do is text each other occasionally, which I have no problem with. I explained to her early on that I am not interested in ever meeting or befriending any of her exes. She agreed and it was never an issue until now.

Her ex has moved back to the city where we live and she really wants him and I to meet. Once again I explained to her that I have zero interest in such a meeting. I see no point to it, I don't need his blessing or approval, and I have enough friends. Plus the whole idea just seems awkward. 

She explained that it would mean a lot to her if I would just meet with him. I asked why and her response was that it will keep his mind at ease knowing that she is with someone good. I snapped a little but didn't raise my voice and asked her: *"Since when does his wants and concerns matter in our marriage?"* 

She didn't have answer for this and simply asked me to think about it. I know my answer is not going to change and I am honestly quite angry about this whole thing. AITA? Also any advice is much appreciated.

Thank you.

**P.S**

I don't care if they meet occasionally to catch up, but I think I'll be getting a divorce if they start hanging out on the regular. I love my wife but I don't think I have her heart. He was her longest relationship aside from me and she lost her virginity to him.

**EDIT**

With regards to divorcing her over this:

> I'd rather divorce her than control her. I didn't tell her that I would do this, it will simply happen. I can control what I do (not meeting him), but I cannot control what she does. It would be better to part ways instead of turning the marriage into a toxic swamp.I and my friends are going to be bridesmaids in our friend’s wedding, and for the past few weeks we’ve been searching online for bridesmaids dresses and sharing links of dresses we like in our group chat so none of us ends up buying the same or very similar dresses. My friend Ana sent a link for a green bateau dress and literally said “I love this but they don’t have it in my size.” (She is US 14.)

I agreed that the dress is beautiful while one of our other friends said that the skirt might be too wide for a bridesmaid dress. Ana went on to send more links of other dresses and our group’s conversation moved along. 

Yesterday Ana sent a message in our chat that she just ordered one of the dresses she showed us, and asked if we already chose a dress. I really liked the green bateau dress so I checked if they had it in my size (I am US 8) and they did so I told our group that I was going to order the bateau dress. No one replied immediately, but I didn’t think too much about it because it’s not uncommon for me and my friends to take a while before replying, specially during work hours. I ordered the dress.

A few hours later I got a call from one of my friends saying that Ana called her and was upset that I ordered the bateau dress, knowing she liked it but couldn’t buy it because it wasn’t available in her size. My friend said Ana thinks I’m trying to make her feel bad about her weight by flaunting that I can wear the dress she likes because I’m skinnier. 

To be honest I have mixed emotions about what Ana said, but trying to fix things comes first so I tried calling Ana and sending her messages to apologize, explaining that I didn’t intend for her to feel that way. But she hasn’t answered my calls or messages. 

So I just want to know: AITA for thinking that there is nothing wrong with buying the dress Ana liked but couldn’t buy because they didn’t have it in her size in the first place, or is my friend overreacting?My brother is 18. He has a 15 year old girlfriend. Age of consent where he lives is 16. They are both in highschool, he is a senior, she is a junior.

To my knowledge, he is still a virgin. He does know the basics about sexual health, pregnancy, prevention, and STD prevention. Another thing my mother and I butt heads about but she gave in on that one.

My mother refused to talk to him about the fact that if they were to engage in a sexual relationship, it would be illegal in my home state. She said he is innocent and he's not sexually active. It wasn't necessary. I implored her to change her mind because things can progress very quickly and he needed to know.

Last night I called my brother and discussed it with him myself. I didnt try to scare him, just gave him facts. He also told me they haven't done anything yet. I told him that if sex was something they are considering, they should wait until after her birthday in 3 months. I told him that sex can happen at their own pace when they are ready.  I also mentioned was not for or against him having sex, only that I wanted him to wait until he wouldn't get in trouble.

I tried really hard to give a respectful but informative talk. My mother is pissed that I talked to him about it when she told me no.

AITA for wanting my brother to be informed and safe?

Edit: If it matters, I'm his sister and I am 26. I live out of state. 

Edit: He lives in CT since a bunch of people have asked. I mentioned in a few comments, but now it's here too.

Edit: Thank you so much for the input and support. I'm going to have a follow up conversation with him about sexting and exchanging pictures also consent as a whole. I had missed that topic on the earlier conversation. Also big thank you for the gold! This is my first. 

Edit: I am overwhelmed by how much this has blown up! Gold, Silver, Platinum, and on the Front Page?! Thank you!Original post

[https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/choiv4/wibta\_if\_i\_started\_taking\_only\_one\_of\_my\_dogs\_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/choiv4/wibta_if_i_started_taking_only_one_of_my_dogs_for/)

Update. Baxter couldn't do stairs or lay down without hurting.. even when I gave him drugs.

&#x200B;

I let him go this morning. He is with Lincoln, Indigo and Winston now. I have never cried so much.

&#x200B;

Edit: To everyone who made donations to the Humane Society and dog shelters in Baxter's name, THANK YOU! That is a truely amazing thing and I can't tell you how much it means to me.

Thank you all for the support and kind words, you are all wonderful!

Edit2: I got really drunk last night and I think I apologized to everyone I was an asshole to after reading my comments. So sorry!I recently left the house a few days ago. I was woken up at 1 p.m. with a hit on my head by my 1 year old sister and her plastic toy. I had just stayed up until 4 a.m. feeding my newborn sister because my mom couldn't. My mom just had a c-section so she couldn't move or walk for a long time so she is often on a chair. A few hours later, she and I were arguing about groceries (she spent $300 on JUST meat 2 weeks ago, so the previous week, I spent $100 on snacks and household essentials like soap/shampoo and laundry detergent, she wanted me to list everything I bought and was yelling at me when I couldn't remember) and I went to my room in the middle of the argument because I was sick of the fighting. She told me to come downstairs and continued yelling stuff like "don't make me go up there!" And I knew she couldn't so I just stayed in my room crying. My dad called me and I explained the situation to him, he said if I didn't like her rules, then leave. Then my 16 y/o sister texted me "mom said to leave the house", so I packed. A friend picked me up and I walked out with necessities, and as I walked out, my mom said "never come back". My friend dropped me off to my best friends house and at that point, I had cried for like 3 hours straight. That was all 3 days ago.

2 days ago, my 16 y/o sister (who is pregnant and almost due) texted me that I needed to come home to watch my 1 y/o and newborn sisters for 2 hours so that she can go grocery shopping with my mom's boyfriend (1 y/o and newborn's dad, who is just recently unemployed but he's a nice guy) and I told her I wasn't coming back because my mom told me not to. My 1 y/o sister had choked on her food yesterday because I didn't go home to watch her while my mom was with the newborn, then my dad told me to drop my pride and go home just because she's my mom. This has nothing to do with pride, both my mom and dad told me to leave the house knowing she needed me. My parents had always told us kids that if we don't like living under their roof, then leave; we didn't have a reason and were too scared to do it. They must've been shocked when the only child of theirs who grew up without causing any trouble in school, or getting knocked up, or getting bad grades, and always helping them and putting up with their toxic ways, left. I want to help but my mom is very lazy, I often have to do everything around the house while watching my sisters. I'm only 18, my mom won't even take me to the DMV for my permit or license, even though she did it for my brother (the eldest child, he's living with my dad). I'm under constant stress because of my mom and nothing ever satisfies her. I am currently staying at my best friend's house and with my new free time, I can finally go around and apply for jobs and make something of myself. I feel sad but I've been resenting my mom for a few years now, but I always needed to obey her just because she was simply my mom and I couldn't take it anymore.I'm M35, my wife is f28, we've been married for 3 years now. My dad is 65 and retired now with a small but decent pension, my mom passed away when I was 10 and my dad never remarried and never had another relationship to my knowledge. He raised me and my sister by himself and worked 3 jobs for over 10 years to support my sister and I through university. My dad is the hardest working person I've ever known and heard of, he is my inspiration and my hero. He was born in a tin hut in rural Bangladesh and came to Canada with nothing and worked tirelessly everyday to help himself out. I am very successful and have been taking care of my dad since I graduated uni and I provide him with about $1,000 a month and my sister who's a social worker gives him about $300. His house is paid off and I paid for a full renovation to his place this year which my wife wasn't too happy about but his place needed major work. 

My wife came to me last week and suggested I stop giving my dad 1k a month as he now gets a small pension from work and an old age pension from the govt and he basically has no bills except for minimal utilities, food, gas on a benz I bought him for his 65th bday and personal stuff. I told her that I want him to chill now that he's older and worked hard his whole life and the extra 1k I give him helps him eat at a better restaurant, get a nicer suit, go on holidays etc. He also started seeing a woman who's in her 40's and they're pretty happy so I'm extremely happy for my dad. The money helps with dates and stuff like that and gives him a better standard of living. My wife just basically put her foot down and told me that we need to save more but we don't I pulled in 500k last year, she made around 110k and we are doing very well and have no kids and I own our condo we live in outright. She basically called me an asshole for guilting her into giving money to my dad and said he's a grown man and can figure things out himself. 

AITA?This originated about two or three months ago, or whenever that “kissing your homies goodnight” meme was popular. My friends and I would always joke about it, and we thought it was funny, so whenever we would hang out, we started kissing each other goodbye. Just a short peck, nothing serious or anything. It became sort of a tradition at the end of every hang out, and we kept doing it even after the meme died because we still thought it was funny. Yesterday, I brought my girlfriend to hang out with us since she had never met these friends before. We all went to dinner, talked, and went back to one of my friend’s houses to watch TV. When it was time to leave, I kissed the homies, as is custom, and said goodbye. My girlfriend was not pleased. I had told her that we did it before, but she had assumed I wasn’t serious and was just referencing the meme. It escalated slightly, but I really don’t think it’s that bad. I equate it to kissing a family member, but she thinks it’s really weird. None of us are actually gay, and there is no attraction involved whatsoever. It might be a matter of personal opinion, but AITA?

edit: yes it was on the lips, and none of us are gay/biI have always set a pretty basic rule for my roommates, and that is that only I can use a certain set of cutlery and dishes that has special sentimental value to me. All the other cookware, pots, pans, plates, and so on in the house belong to me, but I told them they could feel free to use all of those things rather than have to go buy their own, which would add up to a pretty large amount.

Things worked pretty well at first but over time I caught my roommates (all of them) using my special things. After the third or so time I sat them down and reminded them that this stuff was off limits and wasn't to be used by anyone other than me. They all pleaded ignorance and claimed that they just grabbed whatever their hands found, and I told them to be more careful because it meant a lot to me.

I came home yesterday and found my roommates hosting a few friends of theirs and all of them were using my special bowls and cutlery and nothing else but that. I see no way for this to accidentally happen, they were absolutely trying to bait a reaction out of me, but instead I just went to my room and waited for the guests to leave. After this during the middle of the night I took every pan, pot, knife, fork, bowl and plate and locked them in my room. It took up a lot of space but a point had to be made. 

Queue this morning, they wake up and find absolutely nothing available. Queue bitching. Queue tantrums and accusations about me being a "dicklord". I don't give in and tell them that if they can't respect a basic rule they can buy their own shit. I'm pretty confident in my decision and expect them to see my point after a good sit down and think, but when I regaled my boyfriend with the details he said everyone was going to think I'm an ass for good now and I had only created an awkward situation that won't go.

I have no regrets, and I don't think I'm an ass, but given I lurk this sub a lot I'm curious for your verdict in this matter. AITA?My mother-in-law moved in with us about three months ago. It's been ok. She and I are clashing personalities and cultures, and it's come up more often now that we share a similar space. She is a traditional Hispanic woman with a strong sense of decorum and family hierarchy. I am white, liberal in all ways, and agnostic about most traditions, including and especially the need to obey elders.

Before, out of consideration to my spouse and out of a belief in the my "my house, my rules adage," I used to watch what I said around her very carefully because we only visited with her about once a month. But when my spouse asked if she could live with us, I said I was okay with it as long as I no longer had to walk on eggshells around her. My spouse agreed and told their mother that she needs to respect that we do and say things differently in our home than she may like. I don't know how her mother responded to that but it never came up again.

Last week, my 10-year-old and I were chatting while having breakfast while she was in the kitchen. We were goofing around and making bodily function sounds to each other. We are very mature, I know. But when I said, "I fart in your general direction!" and made a loud raspberry sound at her (she was giggling like crazy), my mother-in-law slammed down her coffee mug and said, in Spanish, "Don't you dare teach my granddaughter to be so disrespectful. I will not allow this kind of vulgarity in my home any longer." And I said, in English (I can understand Spanish but can't speak it well), "This is my home. You don't get a say in how I interact with my kids, or how any of us speak or act." She stormed away and now isn't speaking to me.

My spouse says ITA because I embarrassed her in front of our daughter and because I expected her to accept too much, too quickly. They also say that I am being a little culturally insensitive and that I need to respect that abuela will be deeply offended by how I spoke to her, so I need to apologize. But I think it was important for her to see that I will stand up for our interactions/myself and also to stick to what we originally agreed on--that I won't be policed in my own home.Throwaway  

Hear me out on this one.

In regards to ages, I’m 17, Dad is 43, and father’s wife 27 or 28.

Six years ago, it came out during couple’s therapy that my father was cheating on my mom and that his mistress was pregnant. My mom initiated divorce. Six months after the divorce was finalized, my father married his now wife and they had three kids. My dad has apologized for his actions and we are still doing therapy, so one day I can truly forgive him.

I do not like my so-called stepmom, but in regards that she is father’s wife, I begrudgingly show respect. I have never called her out of her name until later in this story. If she speaks to me, I will say something back. If I am in her home, I will clean up after myself. However, I will always refer to her as my father’s wife and she will never be a prominent figure in my life. This is something she cannot accept.

I have never let my true feelings about her be known, until the other day. While at my father’ house, she attempted to make a cringe-worthy joke about my girlfriend with the saying “The blacker the berry the sweeter the juice,” and said that I was good enough looking boy and she was confused about why I would go out with a dark-skinned black girl and not someone white like myself. I guess the look on my face told her to shut up, so she changed the subject.

She then revealed that when my dad gets back from his TDY (Temporary Duty Assignment); she had booked a photoshoot for family portraits of us and she wanted to do a special photo of me and her two sons holding signs that say “Don’t mess with her,” with her 2-month-old daughter. I have never been in any of the previous family portraits because I refused to and my Dad said I didn’t have to.

I told her I was not going to participate

She asked why I was being difficult and that just she wanted family pictures with all of her children.

Six years’ worth of hurt came out. I told her she was a fool to ever think I was her child or that I considered her family. From my perspective, she was nothing, but my father’s racist side chick, who had nothing better to do, but chase after a married man and sit on her ass all day. I took it a step further and fully implied that her daughter wasn’t my father’s child because she looks nothing like him.

She turned red and started crying, saying how disrespectful I was and I had no right to talk to her in such a manner. I fully admit I called her a Bitch and stated she didn’t even deserve any respect from me because she didn’t respect my mother’s marriage and if she ever disrespected my girlfriend again, she would live to regret it. After realizing what I had said, I left and haven’t talked to her since.

Everyone that I have talked to say I should at least apologize for calling her a bitch and I don’t mind doing that.  However, certain people say I shouldn’t have gone off on her, because my dad was gone and she just had a baby, etc.

So who is the asshole?Alright everyone, I need some judgement on this one...

My wife and I have a happy, healthy (no chonkers) cat that we love except for on weekends when he will sit outside our bedroom door and meow non stop until one of us gets up to feed him. This only happens on weekends.

Monday-Friday my wife wakes up for work first at around 6:00 am and feeds the cat. However on weekends we both try to sleep in, so come 6:01 am our kitty alarm clock goes off and won't shut up until one of us gets up to feed him. He will literally cry for 2 hours straight if we try to ignore him.

Here's where the story takes a twist. Awhile back we bought a timed self feeder to use when we are away for vacations. When we tested out the self feeder we discovered the amazing benefit of the cat no longer crying to us for food because he gets fed at his usual time each morning. I thought this was fabulous and we should use the self feeder all the time to save our sleep sanity.

My wife disagreed. Her reasons range from:

Concerned that the self feeder might not drop the correct amount of food each time.

Concerned the cat might be able to reach his little murder mitten up the food chute and steal extra food between meals.

Concerned the cat won't "love" us anymore since we aren't the ones directly pouring his food into his dish.

Concerned it's a waste of batteries.

I've told my wife I understand all of her concerns but I still think the benefit of being able to sleep in without being woken up by a cat banshee outweighs the risks she has laid out. She still disagrees.

So I did the only thing that reddit hates more in relationships than cheating and gave my wife an ULTIMATUM! 

I told her that we either use the self-feeder or come 6:01 am Saturday morning when the cat wakes us both up, I'm kicking her (not litterally) out of bed to go feed the damn cat.

So reddit, AITA?

EDIT: I'm seeing a lot of people proposing the compromise of using the self feeder just on weekends. Unfortunately my wife has shot that idea down in the past too.

EDIT 2: Many people have been demanding I pay the "cat tax" and post a picture of the real AH in question. Sadly I am a Reddit failure and can't figure out how to attach a picture to the post. If anyone knows how to do this and can direct message me, I will gladly comply and pay the cat tax.

EDIT 3: Hopefully this works...

My little AH https://imgur.com/gallery/na99l3JI'm a grown ass man, I'm 32, my family is huge and unbelievably annoying. I'm gay and that is the Voldemort of our family. Everyone knows about it, and most are afraid to acknowledge it. For that reason, everyone is fucking weird around me, they never know what to talk to me about, they're afraid of asking me anything so they don't really know much about me or my life, and they usually end up talking about the weather, themselves, or my seven million nieces and nephews.

Years ago I started dealing with the problem by coming to such gatherings as rarely as possible, and when I have to be there, I just get drunk. Not the lying-under-the-table-puking-in-Nana's-shoes plastered, but finding-everything-amusing drunk. I'm not normally a drinker, so it doesn't take me much to get to that stage.

However, recently, my brother made the observation that I drink every time he sees me. He sounded almost worried and asked if I drink every day, and I said no, not at all. Then he started laughing and said: what, you only drink when you see us? Huehuehue you couldn't handle being around us sober, huh? Huehue! 

And I just sort of smiled, and took a sip of my mulled wine and didn't respond.

20 minutes later, my mom comes up to me and says my brother's wife told her I only get drunk when I'm around them because I can't stand any of them. I ask her how my sister in law knows that, because I never said it. She goes away and comes back with my SIL who admits I never said it, but I never denied it either. They put me on the spot so I said it's not as bad as that, I just find it easier to socialize with so many people if I have 2-3 drinks.

My mom and SIL were like nooope, you hate us, admit you hate us, well fine, if you hate us, fine, don't come see us anymore, who cares, we don't care, you don't care, nobody cares and so on and so forth. It was just a vomit of passive aggression that I wasn't able to get a word in, so finally, when they asked me to leave, I did.

The only person who's contacted me since then is my brother, who laughed when he spoke to me on the phone and said "they didn't mean it" but admitted that he felt it was assholish of me to get drunk at every gathering. Honestly, the other option for me is to not go at all. I'm going because they like seeing me and being with me (despite not liking most things ABOUT me), so I feel like getting a little drunk is the less assholish route than not going at all.

**Edit: yall... I just logged in after a few hours of being away... to 500 comments. Sorry if I'm unable to respond to too many.**

Edit 2: Just to make it clear to the people who are under the impression my family isn't homophobic - just because I didn't list the shit they did to me or try to do to me, doesn't mean they aren't homophobic.

My parents have invited strangers to our house to talk to me when I was 17, to tell me I will never find happiness, truth or love as long as I am an immoral person, they outed me to the whole fucking town when they talked to the priest and he made me the topic of one of his Sunday services, which in turn resulted in every kid I went to school with to know I'm gay, bully me, beat the shit out of me.

They tried stopping me from going to university for fear it would exacerbate my gay feelings, they called me disgusting, an animal, an embarrassment, "not my son", my father demolished my room when I left for university and told me I wasn't welcome there anymore, I didn't speak to any of them for two years as a result of that and so on and so forth. Getting to where I am with my family now took a lot of hard hard work and "getting over it" and it's exhausting keeping it up, avoiding most topics about my life, not being able to be my authentic self.**Edit:** Well fuck me I just spoke with my maid. She says she hasn’t seen my wife cheating but that she came home a couple of weeks ago and found my wife having a glass of wine and lying on the couch with a guy she’s never seen before. From her description I’ve never heard of him either. She kept it to herself as she assumed it was just a close friend of my wife. 

I guess this thread serves no purpose and will get locked now. So before that happens just want to thank those of you that brought this possibility to my attention. Honestly thought my marriage was perfect I never in a million years suspected my wife would be unfaithful.

--- 

My wife and I have 5 kids together, ranging from 2 - 15. My wife is a stay at home mom while I work a full time (8am to 7pm, 5 days a week) job. 

We live in Hong Kong where it's the norm to have a maid (or "domestic helper" as they're called here) rather than being limited to rich. Our maid is a 34 year old Filipino woman that has been working for us since she was 19 years old. She lives with us in her own room and gets weekends off. 

The problem is that my wife wants us to fire our maid. She hasn't given any specific reason other than "I don't want a maid anymore." I honestly have no idea where this change in attitude is coming from, but I don't want to fire her because:

- She has helped raise my kids for 15 years and is almost part of the family at this point

- She relies on this job to send money back home and it would seriously affect her and her family to lose it

- We still have an infant/young children that require constant attention

- I work extremely long hours and don't want to have to do cooking/chores on top of that. My wife doesn't cook nor clean so I am extremely skeptical that she will take up all the chores once our maid is gone

The woman in question is nothing but kind/polite and I don't understand where my wife is getting all of this resentment towards her.

I'll mention this now in case people think she's jealous: my wife is significantly more attractive and we spend all our spare time together. Jealousy does not seem to be the case here.

AITA?A bit of backstory. I met my wife in the summer of 2008. She was working as the ice cream girl at a local restaurant. I had gone to pick up some boxes because I was moving. Out walked my Sara...it was close to the end of her shift. And working in this particular restaurant was a...dirty job to say the least. (Seriously, I don't care what DDD says, that place is gross.) She was covered in sweat from cleaning the machines, caked in all the dirt from that nasty little kitchen, had a grease stain on her cheek...and she was fucking beautiful. Her smile, her easy laugh, her obvious intelligence...I'm pretty sure I fell in love right then and there that wonderful May night. (inb4 "tHAts sO OlD faShIOned!!!" Don't care. When you know, you know.) I wasted no time in asking her out and we hit it off immediately.
It started after our first date. She had mentioned she loves lilacs. Me, being a 23 year old guy at the time, didn't know Jack or shit about flowers. But the way she talked about how much she loved them I knew I didn't want to forget that tidbit of information. So I wrote it down in one of those mini spiral notebooks. (Think what cops use to take notes.) This was The Almanacs genesis. Over the years I've written down information about my wife. Her favorite color, her favorite restaurants, her favorite books, movies she wants to see, etc. Basically all the little things I knew I would forget. Anything that struck me as worthy of remembering when she told me. I would go through it every once in a while so I could do something sweet for her. Fast forward to yesterday morning.
I get a call from her around 11am. "What the fuck is The Almanac?" (The Almanac is written on the cover. It's just a silly name that occurred to me a few years ago.) She obviously has it, and I don't lie to my wife, so I tell her. She gets really quiet for maybe half a minute and then says "I always thought you remembered this stuff..." tells me she has to run and hangs up. I get home from work last night and she's really dejected. I asked her what's wrong and she says the Almanac has cheapened every sweet thing I've ever done for her. She called it my "playbook" and said she felt betrayed. Mind you I've never showed it to a single soul nor have I even told anyone about it. Until yesterday I was the only person in the world to know of it's existence. (She also said she hasn't decided if I can have it back or not, and that she's thinking about destroying it.) I'm kind of heart broken. I feel like this should be an example of how much I love her. I'm terrified she's going to burn it. I WANT to remember all these details that make my wife who she is. That's why I write them down. I don't chronicle these things for brownie points or status. I do it because I love my wife. I hear so many wives bitch that their husbands don't remember shit, and I don't want to be that guy. So yeah, I took notes. And now I'm getting the silent treatment. Or at best single word answers.
AITA here?Sadly this is a serious question.

In an exclusive (not open) relationship for 8 months. BF [30s] is leaving abroad for 3 weeks and invited me [also 30s] over last night since it was the last time we'd see each other for a while. He wasn't done packing for the trip, so there was stuff everywhere. 

I saw the condoms in his clear Ziploc bag (NOTE: plainly visible, I did not open or snoop through anything) of toiletries so of course I asked about them. His response was that he always keeps them in there and didn't bother taking them out for the trip.

Reddit, I watched him combine OTC meds from two bottles into one bottle to save space on this trip. I don't think anything in his bag is in there by "accident." But now he's giving me the silent treatment and acting like I ruined New Year's for asking this. 

AITA for being (and remaining) suspicious of this?

EDIT: He has never cheated previously, doesn't know anyone in this country and is going there for a fairly intensive field research project. I don't believe he has an active plan to cheat. I am, however, upset, because to me the act of bringing condoms is an active refusal to close the door on the possibility of intimacy with someone else if the opportunity happens to arise.My friend invited my husband and me to a 40th birthday party for her husband. The party was going to be at a fairly upscale restaurant with dancing afterwards. We’ve been working on some remodeling projects, so we’ve been on a strict budget. My husband and I wanted to attend the party without breaking the bank, so we decided to share an appetizer and entree and only have one drink apiece.

When we got to the party, we were ushered into a private party room. When we were seated, we were given preplanned menus with several options for appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I asked a passing waiter if I could order a la carte instead of getting the preplanned menu. The waiter indicated that the meal was being paid for by the hosts and because were were part of the party, we needed to order form the preplanned menu.

My friend is a bit wealthier than we are and has always been really generous about their parties, but I was blown away that they would host 15+ people at this restaurant.

As the meal was ending, the main server approached my friend’s husband with the check. My friend’s husband seemed to be a little upset, and said, “I know this isn’t how you normally do things but we are only paying for the wine. We told you that.” I suddenly started panicking inside. I was trying to catch someone else’s eye to see if they were panicking as much as I was. One other couple looked horrified, but everyone else seemed calm. I opened the check, and the total was $211. I thought I was going to throw up. I have never spent that much on a meal.

I held my shit together because I didn’t want to make a scene. The couple that looked horrified sidled over to us and we asked if they knew how much it was going to cost and that our friend wasn’t paying. They said they had asked waiter too, and he had indicated the hosts were paying.

I ended up messaging her and said, “Thanks so much for inviting us to \*\*\*’s party. We had a great time. Just a heads up for next time, we really need to know if going to a party is going to cost more than $100. We are on a really tight budget, so a heads up would be appreciated. Thanks again.”

My friend said, “Sorry! Should have given you a heads up. Glad you came.” And we haven’t spoken or hung out since. I’ve tried to set up coffee dates and girl’s nights but she just bails or never responds. It’s been almost 3 months, and she doesn’t seem to want to talk to me at all.I was at the bookstore the other day and as I approached the cash I saw a very angry and very pregnant woman who was visibly very upset. 

As I got closer I listened to her as she bombarded this teenage girl working the register. She was upset that a book that said it was in stock online wasn’t available at the store. She was complaining that she had wasted her time and energy by coming down to the store when the book wasn’t available. The girl at the cash was looking extremely uncomfortable and I could tell she felt bad. When the girl said there was nothing she could do, the pregnant woman started cussing at her and calling her stupid and a “inconsiderate little bitch”. As the girl was calling other stores to try and track down the book the woman looked at me and expected me to side with her said “what’s the point of customer service if they won’t help you?” 
At this point, I had felt horrible for the young girl and I knew I had to say something. So I looked at the woman and I said “I just hope whatever you give birth to isn’t a total c*** like his mom”. The woman looked at me in total shock and then started cussing at me telling me her husband was in the parking lot. I said I didn’t care and that she should just go to a different store because she was making everyone uncomfortable. She cussed and swore at me before calling her husband on her phone. He came in, didn’t say much (I’m 6’2, 210 pounds) and then convinced her to leave. As she left she flipped off the store and told me to fuck myself. 

Now, I still think sticking up for the girl was the right thing to do, but my friend that I was with told me it was inappropriate to call a pregnant woman the c word. I felt like if there was ever anyone who deserved the c word it was this woman. The cashier was using her hijab to wipe tears from her eyes after- the woman humiliated her. She thanked me by the way and her manager comforted her, so I think she’s ok. 

Ps, in the parking lot, the woman honked her horn and flipped me off as she drove by. 

I still feel it was the right thing to do, but is my friend right in saying I was wrong in using the c word?

EDIT: a few people have mentioned that I should not have included the hijab comment. It was not my intention to mention her religion for brownie points, I meant that it was very upsetting to see her trying to hide the fact she was crying because she was so embarrassed, and she didn’t even have the chance to get a Kleenex because this woman was just relentlessly going after her. Sorry if it came across as pandering. Was not my intention.

EDIT 2: MGTOW go away. Don’t make this into one of your vitriolic attempts to bash women.Let me preface this off by blaming all of you, the entirety of reddit for desensitizing me, and giving me major trust issues on April fools day.

So here it goes... Yesterday I got a group text from my wifes (sarah) side of the family stating there was an emergency family meeting happening that night over dinner at my mother in laws (Barb) house. 

I immediately had april fools spidey senses starting to tingle, but we haven't all got together since Christmas so I overlooked it and said we (my wife and I ) were in. 

We were the last to arrive and it was pretty somber when we walked in. We all sat down at the table and my wifes brother (Tim) informed the family that his wife (Ashley)  has been having an affair and they are divorcing. The affair was with a long time close family friend (Chris) who lived a block away.


Chris' wife (jen) had caught them when she came home early one day last week and broke the news to my brother in law Tim. 

Both families have been friends for years. They live less than a block from each other, they each have been married for 15+ years, have 4 kids right around the same age. Honestly, I have always thought both of them were picture perfect families. Hell, all four of them and their kids were at our house two weeks ago for a bbq. 

Anyways after airing a lot of dirty laundry, and their plans to divorce, how it could effect future family functions, and opening it up to the group of any questions... there was silence. 

I broke the silence with laughter and a slow clap. Saying this was the best april fools gag I've ever seen but I wasn't falling for it. I told Ashley and especially Tim they need to consider going into theater, their performances were top notch and tears seemed genuine. 

Being the newest member of the family (my wife and I married 6 months ago) this was probably not the best thing to say in hindsight. I probably should not have said anything. 

Everyone in the room looked horrified. 

My mother in law, who had been crying the entire time, lost all composure. She left the room in hysterics and did not return before we left. 

Tim, just shook his head, and his cheating wife actually let out a brief chuckle before calling me out for being a dumbass for thinking this was a ruse. Then berating me for being so insensitive. 


The rest of the family sat in silence shaking their heads as my wife berated me for trying to make a joke out of a serious situation...


I am still dumbfounded. In hindsight, I probably should have sat in silence... but I honestly still feel like I was calling out an april fools gag. 


Am I the asshole?


Obligatory  "longtime lurker, first time poster" disclaimer. Also a heads up I personally find this whole situation fucking ridiculous but enough people are mad at me that I feel like I'm losing my goddamn mind trying to figure out what I actually did wrong. 

So last weekend I  [25M] was watching my niece [3F]. I have a daughter [5F] myself and she loves when my niece comes over to play as she doesn't have any siblings yet and it's fun for her to have another kid about. On this particular day, the girls were playing outside and decided to make mudpies. Okay cool, my kid does that shit a lot. What was *less* cool was when they apparently decided to *become* mudpies. Seriously I went inside for like a minute to answer the phone and when I came back they were both head to toe covered in mud and finding it hilarious. I immediately whisked them both inside and threw them in the shower together. I helped them wash their hair, made sure they had a proper wash and then gave my niece some old clothes of my daughters in her size to wear while I washed hers. 

I thought this was the best course of action in the situation - honestly I didn't even think twice about doing it. My SIL does not agree. She keeps saying that it's "weird and creepy" for me to have showered her daughter as a man who isn't her father and that I should've called her to okay it first. That mindset is kinda confusing to me. Like, she's a 3 y/o toddler, she's in a shower with my own 5 y/o kid who I always supervise at bathtime lest my bathroom turn into the lost city of Atlantis. Plus, what was I supposed to do? Let her sit covered in mud til somoene could come get her? However, my brother and both her mother and mine seem to agree that it was at least a bit weird for me to shower her when I'm a man and not her dad. Are they right and I'm missing the point or am I right that there's nothing weird about it?

ETA: some things that keep cropping up in the comments so I'll address them. 

1. My daughter's mother is dead and I'm single, so no there wasn't a woman about who could've done it instead. 

2. Idk if my SIL was abused. Will throw out there though that I was abused by an older guy at 16 and we had a family friend who wasn't quite abusive but definitely exhibited some creepy behaviours to my siblings and I as kids.

3. I was *NOT* in the shower with the girls and idk why so many people think I was. I never shower even with my own daughter and certainly wouldn't with anyone else's. 

4. Yes they're fine with me taking niece to the toilet and wiping her and that.

5. Thanks whoever gave me silver.My wife's sister Abby is "childfree."  Neither my wife nor I could care less about whether Abby decides to have children, but over the years we have tolerated quite a bit of performative child-hating from her.  Calling children "crotchfruit," talking about how dumb people are for becoming parents, and so on.

We had our first child last year and as a result she's been less outright rude about children but more bragging about how our lives are harder now and hers is free of responsibility. Stuff like "I think I might go to Europe this summer.  I'll tell you about my trip for when you're able to go there in twenty years."  Or talking about a concert she's going to go to, to which she says she'd thought about inviting her sister, "but it starts at 9 o'clock and I'm sure you'll be in bed by then."  You get the idea.

There have been lots of comments like this, but I've noticed that while Abby talks a big game, she never does seem to do any of the stuff she talks about.  She doesn't actually travel.  She doesn't ever seem to actually go to any of these concerts or shows or anything - whenever I ask her about them, she always tells some vague story about how she decided to skip it just this one time.  It seems to me like she likes the idea of having freedom more than she likes exercising that freedom.

She was over last weekend and had said something snarky about my kid so I was already kind of annoyed before she started talking at length about some TV show she'd been watching.  And I just couldn't help myself and said something to the effect of "for a person with such a fun childfree lifestyle you sure do have a lot of Netflix recommendations."

Anyway: she's really mad at me now.  AITA?

**EDIT:** OK, despite the top comment, there were enough ESH judgments in here that I went ahead and called her to apologize for being a dick.  She accepted it and admitted that she'd been pretty rude to us herself.  I have a lot more sympathy for her after this conversation - I don't think I understood quite how aggressively my mother-in-law pushed on both her daughters to provide grandchildren, and it seems likely that Abby has lashed out at us as a poor substitute for the things she wants to say to her mom.  Anyway, thanks for the help!I'm in a little trouble at work because I've been sort of hiding my personal life. I've worked in this office for about nine years, working my way up. I'm notoriously private and also believe in a clear separation of work and home life. With that, I never, ever talk about home life. I'm not ashamed of my life I just don't like to discuss it at work. My coworkers enjoy talking about their personal lives and often include me. If I'm asked any questions I usually redirect or move on to someone else. In this manner, none of my coworkers knew I'm married, have twin daughters and a very active personal life.

We hired Melinda last year and she took it upon herself to become the office snoop. She spent several weeks getting as close to everyone as possible. However, she does this to seek out potentially useful information she can hold over peoples head. Try as she did, I never gave her anything. My coworkers view me as a sort of enigma. Compartmentalization aside, I've made some great friendships at work. There are more things to talk about than my husband and my kids. They are a big part of my life but I'm not even going to martyr myself and say they're the most important. They're hugely important and come before everything else but I'm not a sycophant and I enjoy the ten hours a day I'm at work when I get to be an adult and talk about things other than JoJo Siwa and the newest Jenndashian exploit.

Last week, Friday, Melinda came into work looking like the cat who got the goldfish. At lunch she announced to everyone that I am married with two daughters, a dog, and a nice house. I play softball, I kayak, and occasionally mountain climb and that I'm on Facebook. She couldn't see my posts however some of my photos are shared with others and therefore not private. I use a shortened version of my name (Ali from Alexandra) and my married name on FB so I'm not sure how she found me, unless she used WhitePages and put two and two together. I've already reported her to HR.

But the problem is, my coworkers are acting like this is a BFD. One of my friends said she's hurt that I don't trust any of them and hold them in "such low regard". I tried to explain that it's nothing against anyone, I just don't like discussing home at work and vice versa. I never bring work home. When I'm home that's time with my kids, or my dog, or my husband, or friends and hobbies. Heck, I chose to live an hour outside of the city in a small town just to avoid work when I'm not there. I've apologized if any feelings were hurt but my coworkers are now giving me the chill and won't talk to me unless it's directly about work. I honestly don't see the problem. I've never lied to them, I've never given them false info, I've never made up wild tales about my life. I'm still the same person I was, now they just know more about me than they did.

AITA?

&#x200B;

ETA: I know this has been posted three times today. I didn't know Reddit was having trouble earlier with their servers and I thought it was the account I was posting from so I created a second throwaway and then a third because I never got confirmation the post was uploaded. I couldn't even get past the white screen with the little Reddit face spinning in the center. Those two posts actually have a little extra info in them. This one lacks the info because my patience wore thin.

ETA:  I don't have any sort of interesting update. HR brought us both in yesterday afternoon and asked us WTF is going on. I presented my side, as detailed above, Melinda gave her's: she basically said that she had been trying to get to know everyone and she had been having trouble getting to know me so she found my facebook in effort to find something to talk about with me and then she just informed everyone else. I asked my HR rep to pull up facebook and do a cursory search for my real name. There were several. Then I asked him to search my married name, or the one I go by on FB, "Ali Smith". There were enough for about six or seven scrolls on the mousepad. In any case, too many to count. I haven't touched my own page since I reported the incident. It was about thirty names from the top but like I said, my profile pic is my dog, not me, so she would have had to look a each thumbnail photo or view each account. I do have an Instagram page that's on private but I only have a few friends, mostly family members, under that same name. She found me night before last and friended me. Naturally I blocked her. HR gave her a reprimand for creating a negative work atmosphere. My rep wasn't sure why Melinda felt the need to blast my info for everyone and he called BS on her for claiming it was innocent. So that's that. That's probably all that's gonna come from it because my coworkers are now acting mostly back to normal. However, I took the advice from this sub and I'm making amends. They're all most receptive. I'm gonna learn to open up but not by much. But they know enough about me to know I'm not an automaton or anything.I had to make the hardest decision of my life a week ago and i want some AITA judgment to see if i made the right decision so please don't remove and say it needs to go tinto another subreddit cuz i'll post there too

&#x200B;

My wife went into labor a few weeks earlier then expected and she ended up giving birth at the hospital. The day it happened she told me that she was in the hospital and needed me however i had just left the house an half hour prior to go see my father who was likely about to die (he did a few hours after i arrived). I decided to see my father one last time and i felt like it was more important than seeing my child's birth because i will raise him and see him everyday for the next 18+ years and i really need to say some things to my father before he dies. My wife and the rest of her family are fucking pissed at me and said that birth is one of the most important parts of our lives and i needed to be there to support my wife and see the child. Obviously i didn't want this shit to happen but i felt seeing my father for the last time was important especially since i hadn't seen him in weeks and we weren't on good terms then which we eventually resolved thankfully. If you'd like to provide any advice you're welcome to as i could use some but I'm mainly here for judgment

&#x200B;

EDIT: I am so surprised this post went so viral. I last saw it with like 50 comments and i then saw this on trending and I'm absolutely astonished by how viral this went. Thank you reddit for all of your support and i really appreciate you guys. Im amazed from the awards i got and up votes. Once again thank you so much for your support and this hard time. My wife and i are on good terms but I'm still getting shit from some of her family. She understands my predicament and doesn't hold it against me.Throwaway obviously, this is a pretty unique situation so I think my main account will get identified pretty fast otherwise. I'm 32/F/Florida.

So basically, I thought this was a pretty cut and dry situation, but apparently not, as I'm getting a lot of judgement (some bordering on abuse) from different people and my phone is blowing up. So I want to know if I was out of line.

So I'm 6 months pregnant, and I've been very open about what kind of way I want to give birth. I've discussed this with my group of girlfriends extensively, along with my family. I ideally want to have a natural, unassisted birth at home, which is near a hospital if things start to shape up as problematic. Now, for this process, I want support, and of course my husband is going to be there, but also I want my two sisters to be with me. 

This is where things get controversial. In my many conversations with friends and family, I mentioned I want my sisters there with me. I do not want my brother there, that would just be weird! But, in these conversations, my trans-sister-in-law was present, and she got the idea she would be included in this childbirth situation. Just for reference she transitioned around 3 years ago. I was unaware of this until last week, when she told me if there is anything in particular she should bring for the birth. I calmly mentioned that I am very selective over who I want in this very intimate situation, and told her than I hope she isn't offended if she isn't there for the birthing. 

This is when things blew up. She lost her temper and I got a torrent of emotional outbursts.  She said that she would never be able to give birth herself and excluding her is taking away from her womanhood and depriving her of her only chance of experiencing this expression of femininity. When she found out my two sisters were going to be there she told me that I was transphobic and she has as much of a right to be there as they do. 

After this, I received many emails, facebook messages, and text messages from several different people, calling me  transphobe and many other hurtful things. My trans-sister-in-law is very active in the transactivism community (which I fully support), and apparently she told them what had transpired. This has obviously rallied them to harass me, and now I'm starting to wonder if I messed up. 

I kind of wish I never mentioned anything about the birthing process to her, maybe I should have just kept all these plans to myself so she wouldn't feel excluded. I'm aware transpeople have a pretty shitty deal in life, and perhaps this added to their feelings of exclusion. But the other part of me says, it's my birthing, I'm going to very vulnerable and exposed, and I (perhaps selfishly) owe it to myself to make it as comfortable and safe for me as possible. 

So AITA?Using a throwaway since money is involved here. Lots of background and doing my best to keep it under 3000 words. 

I was born in South Africa but emigrated when I was just a few months old so I am totally American. I come from a family of full on Apartheid supporters and when it ended, basically everyone bailed for America. My parents and aunts and uncles eventually were educated and came around but my grandparents, while being very sweet and loving to me, were true believers in what apartheid stood for. They made a small fortune in South Africa by literally investing and owning businesses in the apartheid era. To be totally fair, they also made a ton of money in the US, but still the money because they were white and well connected in South Africa. 

My grandmother died recently. She lived pretty lavishly up until the day she died in a very exclusive retirement home in SoCal so I figured there wouldn't be any money left and maybe I'd get some family heirlooms. My head about popped off when I saw the number me and my cousin will split (it's about $725,000 each). Money that will literally change my life. 

My parents business failed so I wasn't nearly as well off as my cousin. She's also now married, lives in Rancho Santa Fe (google it if you aren't familiar) and will be just fine without this money. She claims she's going to donate 100% of it to charities in South Africa. She is seriously chiding me that *if* I plan on keeping it, then I am taking advantage of blood money built on racism. 

I have student loans I could pay off, I could actually have a down payment on a house, I could invest, I mean...I know where this money came from but it could literally mean my life would be better. I understand where it came from but I also can't possibly imagine giving it away. I have no idea what charities are like in South Africa and family friends we have that still live there say that corruption has taken over everything from government to charities and I'm better off just keeping it. 

I understand my cousins point but man is it hard to say goodbye to that much money that will change my life.My (24m) wife (24f) is 24 weeks pregnant with a baby boy. She made it very clear from even before she was pregnant that she really wanted a daughter, and she made the odd joke about "sending it back" if it was a boy. The jokes all seemed lighthearted and I just thought if she got pregnant and it was a boy she'd change her mind. Fast forward to our 20 week scan. We go in super excited and nervous. I don't mind about the gender, my wife is crying with excitement as she had a feeling it was a girl. 

We go in and find out we are having a boy. My wife immediately bursts into tears and I hold her hand, knowing immediately that she was disappointed and putting it down to the pregnancy hormones. She doesn't stop crying the whole day. I let her calm down and try to comfort her. 

It's been nearly four weeks now and she still cries when someone mentions the baby. She refuses to do anything to do with the nursery and won't discuss anything pregnancy related. Family are starting to think it's weird, but she said she doesn't want people to judge her for how she feels. 

Now that it's been nearly a month I'm starting to get a bit frustrated. It's just such an overreaction. I told her she needs to come to terms with this because the gender isn't going to change. She cried and called me an asshole. I told her she needs to get a grip. I felt awful but I feel like nearly a month of this is ridiculous. 

My wife and I made up but she's still acting the same and I'm getting upset again. 

AITA for being upset about this? I love the baby beyond words and am just upset she doesn't seem to anymore.Yeah, I'm probably a major asshole here, but let me explain my reasoning.

I came into her life 6 years ago when she was 11. Her father is still in her life and visits her frequently (at our house, not a problem though, he's a nice guy). Her mother is not happy. She hasn't been happy for a long time. Her daughter is one of the worst behaved kids I've ever seen, and it stresses my wife (we're not divorced yet) out every single day.

She's made it no secret she hates me. I remember when she was 13 or 14, I paid for us to go to Disney land as a family vacation (cliche, I know). She refused to go unless it was just her and her mother. I was hurt, but since the trip was solely to make her happy and was largely paid for already, I went along with it and stayed home.

Stuff like that is the norm. She'll demand her mother put her before me (**edit: as in excluding me from every family event**) and my wife can't put her foot down. She'll treat her mother like a maid and nothing more. It's not my wife's fault, she has emotional issues that make it hard for her. But it's ruined the marriage, because I've grown to resent coming home to be around my step-daughter. Anything I do to try to bond with her is met with resentment. Though, she's 17 now, so bonding is probably no longer a possibility.

Anyway, my wife and I separated over this. It's just too much for me to bare. But I'm not mad at my wife, I'm sad that she has to put up with her daughters behaviour for the rest of her life.

I decided to give my step-daughter a dose of reality and explain in no uncertain terms she is the reason for our divorce. I didn't do this to spite her, because frankly I'm ready to move on with my life. I did it so that she understands just how bloody selfish she is, and how much emotional pain she puts her poor mother through. I did it so she doesn't ruin her mother's future relationships like she did ours (she isn't moving out any time soon...)

Wife and daughter's father are furious at me for telling their daughter this. Say it's going to emotionally scar her. But quite frankly, I think she needed to be told.

AITA?On a road trip last week, my girlfriend and I stopped at a rural diner for brunch. We sat down and a waitress opened our menus before she put them on the table (that detail is important later). It was a very nice meal honestly. Our total was around $25. I was ready to pay with my debit card.

The waitress then told us that this was a cash only establishment. Unfortunately I had zero cash on me. "How were we supposed to know?" I asked. She shows us some tiny text on the front of the menu. Because of the way she'd put our menus down and taken them away, we had not seen the front. There was literally no indication of their cash-only business other than that.

She sighs and points to an ATM on the other side of the dining room. At this point I'm still apologetic so I went there with my card. I noticed it had a fee of, I shit you not, $9. I asked to speak to the manager. She brought the owner.

I told the owner this is ridiculous. I suggested he let me go get cash from somewhere legit, or take $9 off the bill if he really wanted me to use that ATM. Nope. He threatened to call the police. I said go ahead. My girlfriend felt the same way. Long story short, the cops agreed with me, and we left without paying anything.

I told my sister about this today. She thinks the cops were wrong and I was being an asshole. Because "you wasted everyone's time over 9 fucking dollars." I think the owner is the asshole. The only part I regret was not being able to tip the waitress.

AITA?I was at chipotle for lunch today and I was sitting at a 2 person table by myself. I finished eating and went to get a refill, and 2 girls were sitting at my table. I told them that I was still sitting there since I still had 20 mins of lunch left. They pretty much ignored me and said “there’s no more open seats”. So I said fuck it and started to walk away when they said “are you gonna throw away your trash?” which I replied “it’s not my table” and left. AITA?I met my wife in my early 30s. She was in her mid 20s at the time. I was already well established and had made a significant amount of money working as a quant and investing my savings diligently. She on the other hand had never gone to college and was content working for basically minimum wage. 

So when I meet her we click instantly and I fall head over heels for her. We get married and move in together, and soon after have three kids. When we were expecting our first born she had told me she wanted to be a stay at home mom. Obviously I was jealous but I went along with it since it seemed logical.

So she spends the next 20+ years as a stay at home mom taking care of our kids while I work 12 hour days and then some. I’m not demeaning stay at home moms by the way, but in the context of our marriage she had an extremely easy going life style.

A couple years ago I discovered she had been cheating on me with her friend’s husband. Divorced obviously followed.

The only major asset we had in the US was our house, which was a premarital asset. We had a shared bank account, but since I am a finance guy I handled all our investments, and for tax reasons invested it abroad in my home country. 

Now if we had just grown apart, or she said she was unhappy, I’d have no problem paying what’s fair. But the fact she cheated on me is what makes me resent paying her a cent. 

So in the divorce she is awarded half of our investments made during marriage, >90% of which are abroad in my name, along with alimony for 20 years for 30% of my pay.

So here I am given an opportunity to get out of this entirely by moving back to my home country and never looking back. So I sell our house as fast as possible, move the money abroad, and move back to my home country while stringing her along about why it’s taking so long to liquidate our savings. Once abroad I immediately stop alimony payments.

Now she has no legal recourse (I’ve double checked with lawyers) and is left with her share of the small amount we had in the states.

The reason I’m asking here is that my own children are split on this. My son is on my side 100%, while my daughters are 90% on their mothers side. I figured it would be interesting to see the opinions of people here.Long time lurker, here is my first post!

So I (F16) was on a flight from Dubai to new York, so it was quite a long trip. Usually we are upgraded to business class on this airline since our dad is a pilot, but because my brother’s friend couldn’t afford the seat, we decided to stay in economy. Our mother was sitting in business class so she wasn’t present during this whole situation.

When we got on the plane, my twin brother and his friend, 16 and 15, were in the row in front of me, my brother in the window seat and his friend in the aisle. I was sitting right behind his friend in the aisle seat.

Then his woman got on, she was wearing a hijab, so it was obvious that she was a muslim. I saw her looking very uncomfortable when she saw my brother and his friend, knowing that she had the middle seat. 

I wasn’t paying attention but I took off my headphones when I heard my brother’s friend say no to the lady. She then said: “It is against my religion to touch men in public” and my brother said,

“But we’re not touching you.”

She looked very angry and was almost yelling at my brother’s friend to move to the middle seat so she could have the aisle. I thought she was so entitled, so I told them,

“Don’t move. Just ignore her.”

She then proceeded to ask me if I knew them, so I said yes. She asked to switch with me. So this is what I said,

“No. I don’t want the middle seat because I’m very claustrophobic (I’m not, I just prefer the aisle seat so I can stretch my legs)” and she said, 

“that’s not my problem.”

That’s when I got really pissed and I said it,

“Your religion is not our problem. Should’ve chosen better seats then” 

Then she stomped her foot and went to the flight attendant, and that’s the last we saw of her. I’m guessing they moved her to another empty seat. 

When we got back from the trip, my brother’s friend told me he was going to move and I wasn’t right to attack her religion like that.

So Reddit, AITA?

EDIT: This was around six months ago. For those saying that it affected my father’s career, he confirmed that it didn’t. Also his judgement was NTA!

EDIT 2: Wow this blew up! Thanks for the judgement guys, whether it was YTA, NTA, or ESH, thank you for taking the time of your day to help me become a better person.I’m 19F and my date was 25M, I was a regular client of a buddy of his who is a tattoo artist and he had seen me get tattooed by him once as he came to visit while I was half way through my session. 

I get an IG message from him, found it a bit odd as to how he would’ve found me since my page is super private, my username isn’t specific at all to my real name and I have 40 followers. 
He explains he’s so and so’s friend and we end up speaking and have great banter, we seem to really get along through text, it’s hard for me to keep up a consistent convo through text so I’m excited and we plan to meet up. 

We catch up to hang out and he offers me a drag from his spliff, I take a few drags and after a little while can tell it was a mistake. I smoke semi regularly but it hit me very differently this time around. We’re in his car driving around and he proceeds to ask me questions and we talk.

I study justice so he’s telling me how he’s an ex con and is out on parole yet still engages in illegal activities, then goes on about how women lie about s*xual assault 99% of the time, that’s when I freak. he makes a comment about how high I am then jokes about robbing me and leaving me in a ditch, at this point I start to get really scared.
He keeps asking if anyone knows I’m with him, who I live with, how much money I make & how much I have on me etc. Just weird questions. I was under the influence (big mistake) so my reaction IMO was much more extreme. I was scared and wanted to jump out of the car, the undertone of the convo was very off. My perception was exacerbated by drugs but safe to say I was genuinely scared.

I hid my unease and tried to convince him to pull over somewhere so I could be around people and also so he wasn’t DUI, he didn’t want to and kept driving but after 20 mins of convincing him that I felt sick and needed to sit down, we pulled up to a restaurant.

I get out of the car and start walking ahead of him up to the restaurant as he’s taking a phone call. I go up to 3 women and say as to not cause a scene “I’m really scared, can you help me and pretend to know me” they catch on and can see I’m upset. I sit with them, he catches up with me after his call and the women start telling him they know me and my mum wants me home, he says he’ll take me home but they are very firm. He addresses me quite angrily and asks “who does your mum think your with?” The owner gets aware and told him to leave and he ended up leaving. 

I felt guilty since I had gotten along with him and he’d taken the time to see me, I’m not 100% sure if I was in danger and if I could’ve stuck through it and left amicably instead of unintentionally causing a bit of a scene which was embarrassing not only for him but also me. I tried to have tact in the situation and didn’t have the confidence to be straight forward but wonder if in hindsight it would’ve been better to tell him I was uncomfortable and wanted to leave.

Edit: Some of you are saying this is a validation post or would be better suited to other subreddits, I’m super new to reddit but thought that most predicaments are pretty much fair game for this subreddit? Correct me if I’m wrong please. I genuinely wanted to to know if my reaction was rude, if there’s something wrong with me for getting freaked out the way I did and if I’m the AHole for handling a bad date this way. I see that this isn’t as polarising as some other posts but unlike on here IRL I had very mixed and negative reactions. Hence why I got on here and despite all that, I do appreciate the support and validation (ngl) from people saying I did the right thing even though it didn’t necessarily feel like that in the moment.My son died at age 4. On the first mothers day after he died my husband got me a necklace with some of his ashes in. I wear it every single day.

My Aunt is not someone I see often. She got on with my son but only really saw him a handful of times a year. She came a few times to see him when he was sick but not often. When we were told he didn't have long left I asked if she wanted to come and say goodbye and she said she was too busy with work. I figured she was in denial, maybe. I certainly was. She then missed his funeral to go to a concert.

Her husband messaged me yesterday asking if he would be able to get some of our sons ashes so she can have some jewellery made. Apparently she asked him for one for her birthday as she really misses our son and wants to feel close to him. I said no because I want him to stay with us. All of him. Then my Aunt called me yesterday afternoon and said I was being selfish, he was her family too. 

I still said no. She said she acted the way she did when he died because she was struggling with it, and was in denial. But so was I. But it's been 3 years and she's hardly come to see any of us. She's not even met our newest baby yet who is 4 months old. 

So tell me, as my Aunt seems to think I am, am I being the asshole?My wife and I are not from the US but we have lived here for the last 2 years. On a friday or saturday once a month we will try a nice restaurant that we have not been to before in our city. However since we are not used to American portion sizes so we usually order much less food than what is considered normal.

When we go to a restaurant we will usually order an appetizer and main course and share both. We will also usually have one or two glasses of wine each, or sometimes we will share a bottle if we feel like it. However occasionally when the appetizer is large we just share the appetizer instead of ordering a main course.

Last night we went to a new restaurant that is considered a quite nice restaurant in the city ($20-30 per main course). When they brought out the appetizer it was very large so we shared it and we were definitely full so we didn't order a main course. We were also planning on having some wine later that night at home so we only had one glass of sparkling wine each.

When we asked for the bill, the waiter was shocked. He asked if we wanted anything else and we kindly said no but that the appetizer was delicious. After around 5 minutes we still didn't get the bill, but after close to 10 minutes either the owner or manager (don't know who he was) came up to us and gave us the bill and he said something like "this is a ~~full~~ full service restaurant, you cannot just come in here and order an appetizer and leave". He gave us the bill and asked us to never come back to the restaurant.

AITA here? This seems so foreign to me. We still ordered food and drinks, why are we less welcome than any other group? It shouldn't matter that it is a full service restaurant, people have different appetites.

Edit: Sorry I could have worded the title better.

Edit 2: Another mistake. It should have said full service, not full**UPDATE:** 

I was not expecting to post an update so soon, but I was hit with a bombshell this afternoon.

Over the weekend, both of our parents had tried to come talk to me. However I had simply ignored the knocks on the door and eventually they left. However of course they know that I can't avoid work. So they wait outside my house this afternoon to ambush me as I get home from work. With them is my girlfriend. They insist I talk to my girlfriend and I eventually relent and our parents leave.

Once inside, she starts apologising and begging for forgiveness. Saying that our relationship is the best thing that ever happened to her, she will never forgive herself.... Basically everything that you'd expect a cheater to say.

...And then she gives the most ridiculous excuse I've ever heard. She says that a few weeks ago she found out she was pregnant, she started having conflicted feelings on if she was ready to settle down and start a family, and so she reached out to her ex for support. This emotional support quickly turned physical

This makes NO sense. We have ALWAYS talked about having kids excitedly.

She takes out two pregnancy tests showing positive results. She also takes out an unused one and says she can take it now if I don't believe her. So she takes it, and sure enough she's pregnant. She says it's 100% mine as she didn't cheat on me until after she got pregnant. I ask to see her phone. She reluctantly hands it over and, sure enough, she's been texting him non-stop since I threw her out.

I tell her I need time to process this and ask her to wait outside. Once outside I lock the doors, unblock her on WhatsApp, and send her a long text. I'm reciting this by memory so I don't have to open WhatsApp and see her reply.

>Whether you end up having this baby is entirely up to you. But you should know the following. First, if the child is mine, I will be a good father and take care of it, but you will never be anything more than the mother of my child. We will never get back together. The moment you cheated on me, our relationship was over for good. Secondly, I will not interact with you at all until the child is born. Don't reach out to me until then, I want nothing to do with you. Finally, I will not have ANY role in the kid's life - nor will I sign any birth certificate - until I get a paternity test. This child could have been the greatest blessing to our relationship and future, instead you turned them into an excuse to cheat. I will never forgive you for that.

I have not read her reply, and don't intend to tonight. I also won't post any updates after this. I get the impression that the kid is probably mine, so I'm basically anchoured to her for the rest of my life now.

---------------------------------

**Original Post**

----------------------------------------------------

**With regards to the meta post:** I know I'm not an asshole for leaving her. I'm more concerned with the way I went about it.

-------------------------

My gf and I have been together for 7+ years, have long talked about marriage, and talked even more about future kids. She quit her job a couple of years back to pursue a medical degree.

Last week I discovered she had cheated on me with an ex-BF from high-school. I needed to use her phone to call mine, and went I unlocked her phone it was open on a WhatsApp conversation between them. I have nothing against the guy personally, but he's going no where in life and I don't understand why she'd want to be with him.

Anyway, rather than sadness/heartbreak this actually just made angry. Angry that I've put so much into this relationship and woman that I thought would be the mother of my future children. Angry that I've been supporting her through college including rent/food/tuition. Just angry.

So I arrange a locksmith to change the locks the next day (**edit: with landlord's permission**) while she's at class, pack up as much of her stuff as I can find, and leave it outside. Text her of what I've done, and say if she wants to get anything else I've missed to have her brother come and get it - I don't want to see or speak to her ever again.

Anyway, since I did this both my parents and hers have been relentlessly calling me. They say that what she did is wrong - but it's no reason to throw away 7+ years - and that if I kick her out she will be forced to drop out and waste years of education.

What do you guys think? Am I the asshole here? Should I swallow my pride and approach this differently?

**Edit2: The lease is also only in my name and she's never paid a dime of rent in the entire time she's been living here.**Hear me out.

He (cousin) is a flat earther. He also thinks that space isn't real and the stars are projected onto a screen or something. 

I want to get him a globe. I think it would be fucking hilarious. My friends all think it would be fucking hilarious. My husband says it's up to me. I haven't asked my in laws what they think yet, they will probably tell me no because they are the type of people to never rock the boat. Cousin will be sooooooo pissed, but I think it would be incredibly worth it.

The rest of the in laws are engineers and other sciencey types, this cousin is just a "conspiritard" who listens to way too much Alex Jones.

I think that a getting him a globe would just be a bit of harmless fun, but if this is too harsh, a friend of mine also suggested that I get a globe for my husband and just make sure that cousin is present when husband opens it.

I await your judgement, reddit.

Edit: I won't do it. No point in creating drama for no reason. Even if said drama is hilarious. As I said in one of the comments, I'll just silently judge him for being an idiot and then walk away when he gets pissed at me for believing that space is a real thing.Bit long, stick with me. Throwaway because I'm active on a mom board, and haven't discussed this there.

My ex and I split 5 years ago now. We had a daughter who is 16, a son who is 13 and a daughter who is 5. He's always been a good dad, and we split 50/50 custody, essentially the kids one week my house/one week his house. After my divorce, I reconnected with a high school boyfriend and fell head over heels in love again. He's in the military but hadn't had to move in years. We married 2 years ago. 

A year ago, he got orders to move to Texas from where we all were in California. My older two kids were not happy at all, and didn't want to move, while the baby didn't really express a preference. I approached my ex and told him the situation. I said I know the situation sucks, but we'd foot the bill to him for every trip to him on holidays, breaks, summers, etc. He blew his top and said absolutely not, I wouldn't "take his kids away" and said he'd see me in court.

The judge ended up ruling in his favor, and I was awarded summers and every other holiday. I was absolutely devastated. I moved, and I've barely seen the kids since. They came at Christmas for a week, and it was tense the whole time. The older kids, especially my daughter, are short with me on FaceTime, while the baby gets distracted and can't chat much. My daughter has said I chose a man over her, and that she wants nothing to do with me, while my son won't talk about it but I can tell he's angry. 

I've asked my ex to talk to them about it and he basically said I chose to leave, it's my fault and he's not getting involved in "our issues". So, let me have it Reddit, AITA?Yeah, I know this sounds awful.

My (32M) wife's (35F) daughter (16F) recently announced she is pregnant. 

She claims she doesn't know who the father is. I suspect she actually does and doesn't want to say, for whatever reason. I mean how much unprotected sex is a 16 year old really having? It can't be that hard to narrow it down for goodness sake.

Anyway, moving on. She is adamant on keeping the baby. Abortion is out of the question apparently. Wife completely supports her decision and is excited about having her first grand kid. They're both ecstatic.

The problem I have with this is:

1. My wife's daughter is not going to be the one to look after this kid. She's still in school and fully intends to go to college. My wife and I will 100% end up looking after it.

2. I am going to be the one paying tens of thousands of dollars to raise this kid. My wife works part time and makes very little money. I don't have a problem with this as it lets her do volunteer work that she enjoys, but it means the financial burden of this kid will be 100% on me.

3. I wanted to have at least one kid with my wife. She's entering her late 30s so it's now or never. I feel like this kid will mean the two of us will never have our own because of both the emotional and financial burden raising it will put on us.

I raised my concerns with my wife and her response was expected but disappointing. "This isn't up to you. This is her decision to make. We will support her."

I agree it's her decision, but why do I have to support her?

As it stands now, I'm thinking of cutting my losses and leaving the marriage if her daughter has this child. I'm not prepared to put off starting my own family for the sake of her daughter, nor am I prepared to pay to raise it.

I fully intend to let them know this before the baby is born so they can make an informed decision on whether they can support it.

AITA?So this month I was flying across the country on a long 5 hour flight, which I had booked and seats selected for. I specifically chose an aisle seat in a row of two, so no middle seat — just the aisle and window. 

Well, a very obese man boards and I can tell instantly he is going to have a tough time fitting in any of the seats. I assume maybe he bought two hence why he’s even attempting to board. I’m mentally crossing my fingers he’s not next to me, but sure enough he ends up pointing to the window seat next to me to let him in. 

I get up and let him in politely, wanting to at least give him a chance. Well, he sits down and is easily seeping into about 1/3 of my seat. I sit down and am pressed up against him, making me uncomfortable. After a minute, I decided to be upfront and tell him:

“Sir, I’m sorry but this situation is not working for me, you’re taking up quite a bit of my seat”. 

He wasn’t rude, but sort of gave me a shrug as if there’s not nothing he can do — although he did sort of tighten his arms in to try and be narrower. It just wasn’t enough, though. He still was overhanging over the armrest about 1/4th into my seat even when squeezing his arms in. I’m talking about fully hanging over the armrest into my seat. 

I end up stopping a flight attendant and ask her what can be done about the situation. She instantly tells him that he is likely going to need to purchase another seat. She goes to the front and comes back saying that there aren’t any open seats on this flight, so there wasn’t a way to move people so he could have two. This causes a very awkward silence. 

The guy seemed embarrassed and didn’t want to get up. He mentioned how he can’t wait for a later flight. I felt bad for him but I was also thinking about my own comfort on the long flight — the comfort I paid for. The flight attendant tells him that unless someone on the flight agrees to let him take up part of their seat, he’ll need to book another flight. The guy seems really flustered by this ultimatum, and here’s where I made my offer. 

I told the guy, “Look, I’ll put up with this if you give me $150 — that’s half the cost of this flight and that would compensate me enough for the circumstances.”

He instantly agrees, pulls out cash and pays me. He even told me he appreciated it. 

Well the people sitting behind me (who keep in mind didn’t volunteer to sit by him) were making under their breath comments about me being an asshole for doing that. I just ignored them and put the cash in my wallet. 

From my perspective, I gave the guy a valid option to stay on the flight and I was compensated for literally having only 75% of my seat max (let alone the feeling of a person’s body pressed against you involuntarily). A win-win. He wasn’t angry at all, if anything he seemed quite relieved we could work it out privately. 

After the flight, the couple behind me glared at me but I ignored them. This leads me to beg the question, AITA? Hi, y’all.

My brother (m40) and his wife (f35) got married on Sunday. I (f22) am pretty close with my brother, but not his wife, so while I was a guest, I wasn’t in the bridal party. 

They got married at a somewhat local mansion, which is actually pretty affordable for a wedding venue. The dress code on the invitation was “formal.” For the three weddings I’ve been to with formal dress codes (and the eight I’ve been to semi-formal dress codes), the implication was always that it meant professional hair and makeup. That is how *my* whole family took the dress code, so we all coordinated appointments. A few of us actually went together and had a makeup artist from a few towns over come in, so my SIL could hire locally. 

Well, when we got there,  her family looked good, but their hair and makeup were clearly not professionally done. When her bridesmaids came out, it was apparent they hadn’t used a professional either, nor had she. 

It was kind of awkward in pictures, but I didn’t really see a big deal.

Well, yesterday, I got a barrage of messages from the bridal party, her mother, and the bride herself about my family trying to “upstage her” and that sort of thing. Quite a few other relatives got the messages too, including my grandmomma. (FYI, my brother thought I looked pretty and didn’t see an issue except “when did you become a woman?”)

I’ve tried explaining that it was a miscommunication, but they’re having none of it. Was I really a bitch?



Edit: grammarThis happened a couple of days ago and I was really pissed. I'm here because I want to know if I'm in the wrong here. 

My wife is going to give birth to our twin daughters. I've done everything to support her. I make breakfast everyday and I make it a point to make whatever she asks me to make. 

Yesterday, my wife woke me up at 2am and told me that she wanted to eat icecream. We had no ice cream left because she ate it all at night. I really wanted to get her the ice cream. She told me that she wanted choco chip. I drove for an hour to find a place at that time. But they didn't have any choco chip at that time. I didn't want to disappoint her, so I got strawberry, her next favourite flavour. 

When I got back, I told her that I didn't find choco chip. Idk what happened but she started crying and yelling  at me. She threw away the ice cream, called me a fucking imbecile and told me I didn't love her. She also told me that she didn't want to sleep next to me. I slept in another room. 

Now today, she comes to me, cries, apologizes and tells me that she was really stressed out. But I did not sleep with her at night. I've decided that I don't want to do anything now. This is not the first time this has happened. I'm not a fantastic cook. She insists that I make something for her, but when I make it she always tells me that it's horrible. She later apologizes and tells me that it was wonderful ( all this started after the pregnancy ). WIBTA here??I’ve had an all-day trip with two flights, one being 8h and other 10h with 1h40m overlay. I was planned to land at 6:20 AM and had a job interview at my workplace at 9 AM so I really needed to get at least some sleep. First flight was kind of horrid and I managed to get barely any sleep, and I was kind of dreading the 2nd one already, but I get there and it’s just me and an older man with an empty middle seat in between. I’m quite tall so this worked perfectly as I could spread my legs and fall asleep nicely. However, flight attendant comes up to me and asks me if I would be open to giving up my seat so brother and sister can sit together (she said they’re young, don’t know how old). I asked where I’d be moving and she said “Miss, just follow me, I’ll show you everything”. So I thought for a second and realized that wherever she puts me it will be a worse deal than what I have now, and if it was any other situation, I would totally give my seat up, but I REALLY needed to get some rest, so I told her “I’m sorry, I will keep this seat”. She looked me in shock and said “But they are kids, they would like to sit together, it’s a long flight. Please come with me”, to which I replied “I get that, and I’m sorry, but I’ll stay here”. She got super annoyed and rolled her eyes, but tbh I was too tired and just drifted away. Once I woken up, the older man said that he hopes couple hours of sleep was worth ruining kids’ flight, but I told him he was free to give up his seat, and he said nothing further. Anyways, was me not giving up my seat for kids an asshole move? AITA for it?My brother (29M) and sister-in-law (SIL) (29F) asked Wednesday if they could come for a visit at that weekend. (They 6h away). We said sure, love to see you. Friday afternoon, I (34F) had an ultrasound for my 8 week pregnancy. The ultrasound showed a likely miscarriage. My husband (35M) & I were upset, but as my bro & SIL were already driving, we didn't cancel the visit. We hadn't told them about the pregnancy, nor had we told our 3 kids.

When bro & SIL arrive they were excited to tell us SIL is pregnant, and due 2 weeks before I would have been due. I tried to sound excited and happy for them but I wasn't as excited as I normally would have been. Then it turned into a nightmare.

She didn't like supper; so we ordered in food for her. She needed the bed moved from 1 wall to another. Fine. She insisted on 5 pillows to sleep. I found a couple & she was upset I couldn't give her more & asked if she could go into the kids rooms and take theirs. I said no.

Next morning, she freaked out at 7 am that the kids were eating cereal too loud. She spent the morning curled up on the couch complaining about morning sickness. I  sympathized and said it's awful, but it will go away. She screamed "No, you've never experienced this- they gave me the same anti-nauseau drugs they give chemo patients so shut up!" I got quiet. My husband was making brunch and she freaked out that he was going to cook bacon because "the smell makes me vomit." We didn't make bacon. She also didn't want us to make eggs or let the kids have syrup on their pancakes. I refused, so she stormed off into her room until mid- afternoon. 

Midafternoon she decides to go shopping and said they'd be back for dinner. We said dinner would be at 5:30. At 5:45 they hadn't show up, and weren't replying to texts, so we ate. They showed up at 6 and she freaked out that we hadn't waited so we ordered pizza. She spent the next two hours complaining about how brutal pregnancy is and how it sucks so much and how she's never going through it again. I lost it & told her that I was in the middle of a miscarriage and I'd love to have her problems because it means my baby would be ok. Everything got quiet and she looked at me and said "I can't believe you'd use the "M" (miscarriage) word around me. That's bad luck, and if I lose the baby it's your fault!" and went to her room and slammed the door. About 15 min later she said "I'm glad you lost your baby. You already have 3, and if you had one right now, you'd just be trying to upstage me. I'm glad your baby is dead."

I burst into tears, and my husband told her to get out. He said "I've watched you complain, whine and bitch all weekend. We stayed quiet about what was going on with us because we though you deserved a chance to enjoy sharing your news. But this is enough. Get out now."

She started screaming about how we are TA while my brother packed their stuff and they left. So, are my husband and I TA?My husband and I are 54 and 56. We've been married almost 39 years. Yes, we got married at 17 and 19. Our daughter was a surprise late in life pregnancy when I was 49. For some reason, I've always looked much younger than my age. I'm usually estimated to be in my early to mid thirties. Gets annoying at times now, but it's okay. My grandmother was the same way. My husband looks his age. I worry about the severe generation gap and finding friends with similarly aged kids, so I try to keep up with younger pop culture and technology.

We signed our daughter up for soccer this year. We were at our daughter's soccer practice last Saturday, and a mom came up to me when my husband was off getting coffee. We talked, which went well. When my husband came back, she went stone cold and excused herself.

All this week, this woman has launched a campaign against me and my entire family. She thinks my husband and I have a 30-40 year age difference, which is "inappropriate". She thinks our relationship is based on money (?!), that it "sets a bad example for young girls" and I especially should "think about what my daughter is learning". The team parents were starting to be against me, and I needed to respond.

I was infuriated by all of this. I try to keep a mentality of "age only means what you let it" and care for my appearance and stay more modern, but I wouldn't think I'm trophy wife level. I sent a mass email with what I think is a toned down reaction to this woman's judgement and three things: my wedding announcement from 1981, my daughter birth announcement (which showed our ages), and a picture of me heavily pregnant, with my husband, at my 50th birthday party.

The woman was humiliated in front of all of the parents on the team, so much so that she had to leave because they all refused to work with her at all. Her child has special needs, and this is one of the most inclusive teams. Many of the leagues around won't allow special needs children because they "can't accommodate". I feel bad that now her child can't experience sports, but maybe she earned it? We're not leaving this one because it is more accepting of non-traditional families and works best with our schedule. AITA?

Edit: We married so young because we both had very...harsh homes and were in love (still are!). At the time, marriage meant automatic emancipation and you had better economic chances pairing up. We do have more money than most parents of young children because my husband and I are naturally not very fertile. We were essentially dual income no kids for over 30 years. We took an "if it happens, it happens" approach to kids and stopped preventing after we both had graduated college. I know the title itself makes me sound awful but hear me out. I've been with my boyfriend for 7 months and he's small down there, like 4 inches give or take. He constantly asks me if it's big enough, if I can feel it, and I always reassure him and tell him he's fine. I tell him I'm not with him for his penis and he has nothing to worry about.

 However the last few days he got increasingly agitated and kept asking me if I was lying, if he's too small, and wouldn't take "You're fine" or "You're average" or "I don't care how big it is" for an answer. I told him to stop pestering me but this went on for a few more days until I snapped and told him he's below average but he has nothing to worry about. Obviously he didn't take it well.

 I don't lie to him and say it's big, I say he's average, has nothing to worry about, etc. I am a college student who wears hearing aids, which help a lot but I do still have diminished hearing. I struggle hearing in loud background noise or while talking to a person with an accent. When choosing classes, I pick professors with English names over foreign ones. Last week, while registering for classes next semester, I mentioned this to my friend (who, FWIW, is a native English speaking white person) and he called me a racist asshole and hasn’t spoken to me since. AITA?My mom passed away some years ago. She was by no means a rich lady but she held onto treasures in the way people from the old days did. 

She had a beautiful antique set of silverware that I admired as a little girl, and that my own daughter loved to look at when we went to visit my mom. My mom promised her she would have it one day. 

Before my mom passed she gifted the silverware to me on the proviso that it went to my daughter when she is old enough. Of course I agreed and it’s stayed in my home since since my daughter wants me to give them to her when she first buys her own home, so obviously a few years away still. 

Since my moms death life has changed for me- I remarried in 2018, my daughter is all grown up at 19, and I have inherited a lovely stepdaughter who is in her 30’s. 

She asked me if she could use the silverware for her wedding this past July, I was uneasy only because the thought of it being stolen etc was on my mind. However her ceremony was very small and intimate so ultimately I changed my mind after asking my daughter her thoughts since ultimately it’s her silverware. 

After her wedding she was asked me repeatedly if she can share the set of silverware with my daughter. She fell in love with it and now has sentimental value to her. I do like my stepdaughter but it’s not my gift to give away, I’m simply holding on to it for my daughter. 

I told her to ask my daughter, my daughter said no. She said it politely. My stepdaughter thinks I am excluding her because she should enjoy this also. I said it’s not my place or my gift to split. She thinks that I should ‘overrride’ my daughters opinion but I don’t think that’s fair either.My wife and I have a 6 month old baby girl and a two year old boy. Wife hasn’t been too happy since returning to her job from her last maternity leave and I actually just got a new job. 

At my old job I was working 45-50 hours a week. At my new job my hours fluctuate a lot — it can be anywhere from 60 to 80ish hours a week at the worst. I make a lot more though so there’s that. The pay raise makes it so my family can do really well on just one paycheck. My wife is ecstatic because this means she can be a SAHM which is what she’s wanted. 

The issue is that my wife and I aren’t on the same page about what this change would mean. Before, when our work hours were almost equal, we divided housework pretty much equally. We also paid a housekeeping staff to come every other week to help us out. (Plus we have a nanny to care for our kids while we work). 

I told my wife that her staying home would mean no more housekeeping staff or nanny. These cuts will help us afford to have just the one income and I also think it’s practical.  She was mostly agreeable to that. But then she said that we should divide the chores 50-50 still. 

I told her there was no way I was going to be taking on as many work hours as I am and then come home to cook or clean too. That would defeat the entire purpose of her quitting her job. 

She looked at me like I was some sort of Neanderthal but I think what I’m saying is completely fair. I’m not expecting her to do any heavy lifting. Just tending to the kids, cooking, and doing a reasonable job keeping up the house. I recognize that this would be an old fashioned way of living and if she ever wanted to return to the workforce I would support her 100%. But I think it’s fair that if I’m the sole paycheck and working crazy hours I don’t come home to more stress and chaos. 

Obviously my wife and I will have to work this out between ourselves. I’m mainly posting here as a sanity check to see if my thoughts on this issue are completely off base. 

**Edit: Well this blew up since I last checked it. I can see people are really passionate about this topic and you all have encouraged me to think more deeply about it. I will read as many of the (4.2K??) comments as I can. I think I’ll let my wife take a look at the thread too since many have gone out of their way to offer constructive comments for both of us.**Unknowingly to me (M20) for the past two years my mom has been using my social security number to open an account with an electric company and since she opened it she hasn’t paid one bill, racking up over 5400 USD in debt under my name. 

I only found out about the bill after I went to check the mail christmas day and saw mail from the company to me. She had hidden it from me for over two years. 

I was furious and panicked because I’m supposed to be getting married, I’m in college, and already it felt as though my life was already hitting a block, and now I wasn’t even going to be able to put the power for my own house under my name and my credit would be down the drain if I didn’t do something about it. So I texted my mom asking about it, I tried to be respectful about it, but she threw a fit, yelled at me, and immediately tried to turn the tables on me. She had tried saying that I told her she could use my name, but even if I did, (which I know I didn’t because I would remember something like this) it’s the fact she didn’t pay a penny for two years, since she opened the account. She said things to me like I ruined Christmas, how terrible I am treating her, I don’t appreciate anything she does for me, and tried holding college over my head saying she isn’t going to help me do anything, or pay anything for my college if I try to do anything about the electric. Some of the things were so bad that my fiancé said I should delete the messages so I don’t have to look at them whenever I get on my phone.

After much thought and consideration, I decided to shut the power off, I gave my mom some time to figure something else out for the power to the house and I’m not sure if she thinks I’m serious or not but I intend on closing the account. She now has basically disowned me, and after talking to my little brother, (He’s 18), I heard how she tried turning my siblings against me, telling them how terrible I am and twisting the situation in favor of her. 

My friends think I should sue her, but as my mother I don’t think I could bring myself to do it,  I told her I’ll take the debt on but I’m not letting the account stay open.



Edit: Hey all, thanks for the Santa’s last ride. I noticed a lot of comments on this, I want to get to them all and try to read them all. As of now there’s a few questions about why it wasn’t shut off earlier and accrued so much debt,  to be honest, I’m not sure, I called the company and they transferred me to a few different departments such as payments, billing, account services, etc. but most of the workers there said they aren’t sure either and they’re going to look into it and let me know what comes up. As things progress I’ll update this in the future and if anyone is curious as to what happens you can check back. Thank you all for any advice and support given and I’m taking it all into consideration. I can’t let this just slide, the consequences would be too dire.
So my school made this dumb rule that nobody can have a water or drink bottle with them because a couple seniors got caught drinking vodka at school.

The only exception is if you have a form signed by your doctor saying there's a medical reason you need it. And carry the note with you whenever you have a water bottle so you can show it to teachers or administration.

Now, my doctor who i have my yearly checkup with is also one of my mom's best friends, and last week she and her daughter were coming around to hang out with our family.

I was telling her and my mom about the school rule and they thought it was silly too. My doctor was talking about how unhealthy it was to not let kids drink water all day, and sell them sugary sodas at lunch 

I asked if she'd sign a doctor's note allowing me a water bottle and she said od course. So I printed out the form and she signed it. There was a section saying to describe the medical need and she wrote "water is necessary for life" which my  mom thought was funny but also thought might get the note rejected, like it was obviously meant for specific medical conditions or disabilities. 

But she said that if anyone had a problem with it, to have them call her and they'd get a piece of her mind.

So I took the note to school and a bunch of teachers told me I couldn't have a water bottle and I said I had a note. Most of them didn't read it closely enough to see the reson but out of the two that did, one laughed about it and asked if it was real. I said it was, she could call the number on the form. She seemed satisfied.

The other teacher threatened to take the note away, saying medical exemptions were not a joke, it was a disrespectful thing to do, disrespectful to the school's rules and disrespectful to people who had an actual medical need, to treat it as a joke.

I know my doctor hadn't meant it as a joke about actual medical problems...

AITA for bringing a sassy doctor's note to school? It said my medical need to be allowed to have a water bottle was "water is necessary for life"My sister is 34 and I'm 40, but since our early 20s people have always assumed she's the older sister. 

I don't know why she seems to have aged early or why I look younger - I was an alcoholic and a drug user in my 20s and probably deserve to look older. I used to joke that it was payback for her being prettier (she was and still is a total babe).

I moved away years ago and we only see each other occassionally. Last weekend I went back to our hometown for the wedding of a family friend we hadn't seen in ages, and I was shocked by her appearance.

I knew she used botox, but this was next level. Her face was puffy, her lips were super-plump, her eyes looked different and there was not a wrinkle to be seen. I asked about it straight away and she admitted she'd had her eyelids lifted and "quite a bit of filler". I'm cool with that - do what makes you happy.

She asked me not to tell anyone and I said of course I wouldn't. But then...

Now, I thought she looked weird because I know what she normally looks like without filters and facetune, but people from our childhood who hadn't seen us in years didn't and were saying how young she looked and asking what her secret was.

I was absolutely fine with that until she said:

"It's probably because I didn't drink and smoke my way through my 20s like ambiguousturtlejuice."

As a recovering alcoholic who prefers people to not know, I was hurt by that. Without thinking I blurted out (louder than I'd intended): "Oh fuck off - it's all the plastic surgery and botox and fillers".

I regretted it before I'd even finished saying it, but I thought she'd laugh it off and it would be fine... but she got teary and flustered and ran out of the room.

My mom thinks she was an asshole for bringing up my drinking. My brother thinks she over-reacted and should get over it. Pretty much everyone else thinks I am a massive asshole.

So, AITA?Sometimes on this sub, OP's and commentors alike seem to get this idea that when they are judged "The Asshole" that they are being personally attacked and insulted. 

Just because YTA, doesn't mean you're a dick, douche, jerk, etc. It just means you were in the wrong in the situation you posted about. Commentors aren't insulting you personally when they call you "The Asshole". ^^TM That's just the vernacular we use here. 

So, yes, OP. You're The Asshole. [But that doesn't mean you're a bad guy.](https://i.imgur.com/OQQilfk.gif) 

Edit: To preempt more Zangief quotes. 

Edit2: Look, ma. Front page! And thanks for the coinage, strangers!Throwaway because I don't want this to be mix up with my main account. My english sucks and is not my first language.

I (16F) live with my mom(38) and her boyfriend(30). My parents split up when I was 6. They don't have a formal agreements over my and never needed, my dad(39) used to travel a lot because of work, so was logical that I had to stay with my mom, my father pay all my expenses. My father remarried five years ago, his wife is amazing and I love her dearly, I see her a second mom.

My mom's boyfriend moved in last year, they have been dating for two years, and our relationship is pretty bad, he is extremely homophobic, don't hold a job for more than two months and never helps cleaning. Six months ago he started to be desasperate to have a child, and my mom was dragged to that. When she told me I was completely against, our house is minuscule and only have 2 bedrooms. He pushed the situation and threatened to leave her and she agreed, last month, on my birthday, she gave me the great news, she was pregnant. I was obviously not happy and told her that this was a huge mistake.
Friday my mom asked me to take my clothes out of my drawer, because the crib have to be set up. The thing is I don't want to divide a room with a newborn. I called my father and my Stepmom and they are more than happy with me being full time at they house. I told my mom and she flipped out, she called me egoist, and told me she will not be able to maintain the house without my father support. I feel a little bit bad but I don't want to lose my sleep. The next two years are extremely important for me to get to collrgr and that's not the environment I am seeking. 
So Reddit am the asshole?So my brother passed away in August, we’re identical twins with the small exception that he had facial hair and I do not, other than that we’re pretty much carbon copies. My SIL did not take their kids (2 and 4) to the funeral as it would’ve been traumatic to them and I totally respect that, however, she has also let them Believe that he is me. I’ve been at the house often helping out with the kids and doing whatever I can with them and I feel as if I am also sort of helping her in a way by not really letting them process that I am, in fact, not my brother. She’s caught onto it too, but won’t tell them and I Think it’s cruel on her part to do that to them. She has to be apart of the telling process but she keeps putting it off and I refuse to let it snowball into something far worse on the children AND her. She’s never made any advances toward me but I also believe in her mind this is how she’s coping, by pretending he isn’t really gone because she “technically” does still see “his” face everyday. Would I be the asshole if I told them that their dad died and it’s really just uncle J helping around the house?

I’m also concerned that at a certain point, I can’t “reintroduce” myself back into their lives because I look exactly like him.I was recently on a long (3+ hour) flight.  When we got airborne, the woman in front of me reclined her seat back, pressing them down on my kneecaps.  I am a tall person (6'5") and generally don't fit into coach seats easily. I couldn't even put my tray down.  Leaning my seat back doesn't really help. I wrangled myself out of my seat and asked her politely, "I'm sorry ma'am, but I wonder if I could impose on you and ask to please raise your seat up just a few inches?  I don't have much space back there and with your seat pressing on my kneecaps, neither of us will be very comfortable during this long flight.  Thank you."  She just looked at me blankly, said "No", and closed her eyes.  I walked to the front of the plane and explained my situation to the flight attendant, who went back and spoke to the woman, who then reluctantly raised the seat up a bit.  When I got back into my seat, the woman turned around and hissed "Asshole" at me.  
AITA? Should I have just kept my mouth closed and sucked up for the remainder of the flight?

EDIT: I normally book the seats with extra room, but this was a last-minute business trip and all the extra-room seats were already booked.So my boyfriend(now fiancé) and I have been together for 5 years. He’s great, and I love him. We had discussed getting married before a little bit and both said we wanted to, but didn’t really say when. 

Both our families were away for thanksgiving so we decided to take a little vacation, we went to sequoia national park and I thought that it would be the perfect place to propose. I already bought him a really nice watch (he wears one but it’s sort of cheap), and when we were in this beautiful little clearing with the huge trees and no one was around I popped the question, got down on one knee and all.

He was really surprised and didn’t exactly react the way I expected, he seemed sort of annoyed and upset but eventually said yes. On the drive home he said that it made him upset that I would just propose and that it was “a mans part of a marriage” and “something he was looking forward to his whole life”. So now I feel really awful because I thought it would be really sweet if we reversed the roles because he’s always doing romantic things for me.

Anyway he was sort of cold when we got home, not outwardly aggressive but now I’m just sitting here worried if I did something horribly wrong.

AITA?

Edit: Jesus I didn’t expect this many comments. I see a bunch of people talking about how he lost his chance when he waited 5 years, but I’m only 27 and he’s 28, so we were in college and grad school for much of the relationship. He was getting his PhD and was busy and I got my masters and started my job and he was still in school. We had this conversation maybe 4 months ago? So it’s not like he’s had years.

I’m planning on talking to him about it when he wakes up. But I don’t really appreciate the “your marriage is doomed” comments

Update: I figured I’d update since some of the comments were actually very helpful, despite a few suspect pms. I talked to him earlier, and he apologized for getting upset, I apologized for making him upset and we made up, and then he pulled out an engagement ring for me and proposed back. So all is well, and I still feel a little bad for stealing his  thunder, but these things happen I suppose. But I’m getting married!Okay this is so stupid and I really feel like I'm NTA but my friend is adamant that I am so I'm seeking Reddit's opinion via a throwaway account. 

My girl friends and I were recently at Canada's Wonderland and having been there dozens of times since I was a kid (am now in my 20s), I know that the women's bathroom at the front of the park has "additional stalls" at the back of the bathroom. 

So basically there's about 10-15 stalls at first sight and then at the far back, there's a sign that says "additional stalls ->" and there's 4 stalls that are never, ever being used because they're off in their own corner room. 

Well, for the last few times I've been to the park, there's always a long line (like 15 women sometimes) and I always go straight to the back room to check if anybody is there. There never is and I use the bathroom stalls there. On my way out I'll always tell other women"hey there's stalls back there" to which they say thank you.

My friend now thinks I'm selfish and rude for doing this. She thinks that I should always go to the front of the line, tell the women about the bathrooms in the back, and then join the line at the end. 

I don't see it this way because the sign is so clear and it's not my fault they're not seeing these additional stalls. Not only that but walking to the front of the line, saying that, and then going to the back of the line is awkward as hell. 

My friend hasn't let it go and is now saying she "sees a different side" of me. This is something I truly don't think is that big of a deal and my friend is making me feel terrible, I'm starting to question if she's right?

Please tell me if I'm wrong, seriously, I don't get it. 

TL;DR: Apparently I'm an asshole for utilizing bathroom stalls that nobody ever uses because they don't know they're there.

EDIT: This is epic.. I really never thought or could have imagined a post like this could get so much attention. Thank you to everyone that replied. I'm now taking a break from my friend and reassessing how she treats me and makes me question little actions that aren't worthy of explosive attitude from her.

And to all women, I'm sorry our bathrooms suck. I'll be even more helpful letting others know about those stalls in the future.. having to pee really bad and waiting is the worst. Tiny bladder club!!Edit/Update:

The moderators have been kind enough to let me update my post.

I know many, many people have asked about the skillset I mentioned. I just can't be specific because it'll make my younger kids' company identifiable with a quick search. I will say it's nothing mysterious and is a combination of woodworking, metalworking and some masonry sometimes. It's just a niche product and not many people do it. The tools and techniques are unorthodox.

I spent a lot of time reflecting yesterday after reading everyone's comments.

I have talked to my younger kids and I explained to them that even if they aren't happy with how their brother approached it, it's clear he feels left out from our family and it's all our responsibilities to help fix this.

They agreed to extend the offer of apprenticeship again to their brother where he works and learns as a salaried employee. But they've made it clear that no ownership can be transferred after he's put in at least three years of work like they have. I actually think this is generous because they are paying a salary that they don't need to.

However, I'm not sure if my oldest will go for this. He is feeling some sort of way about working for his brothers, not with them.

I reached out to a teacher in Alaska who I know casually. He might do me a favor and take on an apprentice. 

I need to scrounge up some money and see if I can send my son there. But again, it's Alaska and I'm not sure if my son will be receptive.

I don't know what else I can offer at this point. My wife is disgusted that we've become that family that is fighting about money. She wants to force the twins to give a stake in the company to their brother but I really think it's a bad idea. They need to fix their conflict first or it'll just be a disaster. I don't believe we should be telling our younger kids on how to run their company.

I'll be meeting my son this Friday for dinner. I hope he'll be ok with at least one of the options.

I also need to talk to my parents to stop creating more issues. They've always enjoyed chaos and like pitting people against each other. It's not helping.

Thanks everyone.


This is the original story:

This has quite literally fractured my family.

I have an older son from my first marriage who's now 24. I have two younger kids from my current marriage who are 21 year old twins.

My divorce occurred right after my son was born. 

Over the years, my visitation has been primarily summers and holidays since my ex-wife moved to a different state.

I have a particular skillset I'm was very good at. And all three of my kids have expressed interest in it. Unfortunately, I have only been able to meaningfuly teach it to my younger kids.

This was because to make my visitation with my older son more memorable, I would do camping/vacations etc. I didn't have time to teach him properly.

Also, anything I did try to teach him was forgotten and not practised because he lived in an apartment with his mother.

The major issue now is that my younger kids have started a company after highschool using this skill. I provided the initial funds and as such have a 33% stake in it. This company has really soared this past year and it's making a lot of money.

My older son graduated from college and is doing a job he hates and is not exactly making a lot of money. Especially compared to his siblings.

Part of this is my fault because he did ask to take a few years off after highschool and maybe have me teach him what I knew but my wife was battling cancer at the time and I told him I couldn't.

And now, I'm not well enough to teach anymore.

He is now telling me to include him in this company as a equal partner. That he'll do the finances.

This was not received well by his siblings who say they do basically 95% of the work. And that he didn't struggle in the earlier years to get it running.

I'm really at a loss here. I thought of just giving my share of the company to my oldest son but it does seem unfair to his siblings who started this company in the first place.

My oldest has become very bitter about this and has involved my parents. They are taking his side and now my younger kids are resentful that their grandparents have been turned against them.

Our Sunday family lunches are no longer happening and I'm having to see my oldest for dinner on other days. And everytime I see him I'm getting accused of not treating him fairly. It kills me because I made so many compromises to have him in my life in a meaningful way.

He accused me on Saturday of pushing him out my new family and loving his siblings more. I haven't been able to sleep since.

Should I have done all this differently?I'm black. My husband is white. He has a sister, who has a 3-year-old daughter who LOVES me, and who I think isn't too bad herself. My niece is equal parts terror and lovely, but mostly with me lovely. We hang out a lot to give my SIL a break, and my husband doesn't really "get kids" so it's often 1x1. 

I was out with my niece at a kid's playplace/mall for kids, and she was more terror than lovely. She was defiant, and I'm all about consequences after two warnings. She kept running from me laughing her butt off, so I told her it was time to go. Normally she'll go quietly but this time, filled with vim, vigor and grape juice, she pitched a GIGANTIC fit so I had to carry her. She wasn't screaming in a "WHO IS THIS HELP ME" way but in a clearly understandable "NO, I WANT TO STAY AND PLAY. AUNTIE(ME), NO" way. But also she's 3, so maybe if you're not used to her it's not clear. 

As we're leaving, a lady stops us asking if everything's okay. I smiled at her, and told her yes, that we just had to get home for a nap. She then got in my face like "Do you KNOW this child." I'm wrangling a screaming toddler, so I just said yes and tried to step around her. She then said, "you're not leaving until you prove you know that child." I told her, it's fine, we're related (my niece now was calm and holding me), she's just acting b-r-a-t-t-y and she said like, "No mother would EVER say that about her kid". Yeah, maybe. But she can't spell so. She then demanded I give her my niece, or call someone to confirm my identity. 

I was pissed. I told her I don't have to prove anything to her and I'm leaving with my kid. She then literally RAN  to security, screaming that a kid's being kidnapped. Cops called. Security guy asks what's up. I was polite to him but I told the lady off. I said it's way too damn *present day* to be act like  mixed race children, or blended family don't exist, and to IMMEDIATELY jump to kidnapping was insane. The cops showed, and they asked my niece who I am "AUNTIE (ME)!" and I showed them some pictures of us together in clearly different settings, they apologized, reprimanded her. It's done. 

She  works somewhere in the complex, but not where we were. I want to report it. She'd been watching us and saw my niece and I hanging for at LEAST 30 minutes familiarly. So while I could have showed her the pictures, I didn't feel like I needed to. It's not her job and in fact the person whose job it was apologized to me as we left. Now, I have had this happen before, and someone is a little sketched. I'm polite, it becomes obvious that she knows me, and they drop it. I just had flashforwards to a time when my niece might pull the "THIS ISN'T MY MOM" card. And then I really WOULD need the cops to be called because I'd kill her. 

I get she was concerned. And that unlikely I'd adopted a white baby. But also, 100% fuck off, lady. AITA? Would I be if I complained to the facility?My two year old son is at an age where everyone wants to touch him and pinch him. 

My wife and I agreed we wouldn’t force our kids to hug or kiss anyone because we want to teach appropriate physical boundaries and ownership of your body from an early age. 

Recently my grandmother visited and when she was leaving my sister directed my son to “give Grammy a kiss goodbye” and he said “don’t want to” and we said “that’s fine, wave goodbye then.” And he waved and said goodbye. 

She started to say “oh, no kiss for Grammy?” But I shut that down with “(son) has a lot of ways to express his feelings” and we left it at that. She seemed to understand. 

My sister took her to the airport but when she was over later she said I was an asshole for not having my son kiss his great grandmother goodbye knowing it meant something to her just because he “didn’t want to”. 

I tried to explain not wanting physical touching isn’t the same as not wanting to leave the park or whatever, but she said it’s not as big a deal to him to give her a quick kiss as it was for her to feel her great grandson didn’t treasure her visit. 

We’re about to host thanksgiving and there will be plenty of family expecting hugs and kisses and physical affection from our son, and in a couple years, from our daughter as well. 

I was ready to stand my ground on this but now my wife and I are less certain after this incident. AITA?Several days ago we invited a friend and his girlfriend over for dinner. Before we start, some background about my friend: I've known him for almost 15 years, he never had a lot of money, but he never let that get in the way. He worked hard, saved hard, and bought things if he decided he really wanted them, but was not a spendthrift. He paid his way through university without taking any loans, working his ass off in two jobs while full time studying. He recently opened a startup of his own which has great potential and has started getting nibbles and several customers, but is far from being a success, or even profitable, yet.

On to the story - they were talking about how they were looking to buy a car (his first), because now that they lived together, she felt that they could split the cost of a car because they were saving money on rent. I could tell my friend wasn't too hot on the expense, because all his money was in the startup and he'd need to take out a loan to get a car, in addition to the loans he had already taken out to get his business up and running. When we were talking about it, his girlfriend kept saying things about how "At 33 years old I shouldn't have to take the bus anymore", and "Taking public transportation is for losers". As someone who bought my first car (used) at 31 because my family was growing, I'll admit I took some offense to that. I've used public transportation for years (and still do) and never considered it "beneath me".

The real kicker came when she started talking about getting a brand-new car, straight from the dealership. Wouldn't even consider getting something a coupla years old. Here's where I may have overstepped my bounds, and told her that her entire attitude is spoiled, and that if she really cared about my friend, she'd realize that he doesn't have the ability to spend that much money, and she should look at something cheaper if she wouldn't deign to ride the bus with the rest of the common folk. 

After a minute or so of awkwardness, the conversation switched to other topics and the subject of the car was dropped. After they left, my wife said I shouldn't have called her spoiled to her face and I almost ruined dinner for everyone. My friend told me, though, that she dropped the idea of the brand new car and they're looking at the user car lots.

So, AITA?Basically I'm 25m and she's 23F.

She gets company credit for food and drinks as she works for like a week at a time. She cooks all her own food and uses that money to buy a coffee each morning. She always goes to the same coffee shop. 

Me and my gf are very comfortable and she's bi so sometimes we will both say how hot a girl is or whatever. She always says the guy who serves her coffee is "beautiful", she confirmed that she wasn't attracted to him but that he was stunning and a very pretty man. That was fine. 

Anyway, so she goes in every day and always has stories to tell about the guy behind the counter. I trust her ENTIRELY, I know she doesn't really want him and wouldn't do anything. 

Anyway, I went in the other day and straight away knew who she meant as this gorgeous long haired dude took my order. I ordered her favourite drink as she was at home and I shit you not he said "oh is that for Emma?" And when I looked shocked he went "I just know that's her usual, no one else really orders it". I said yes, it is but by the way pal, she has a boyfriend and it's me. The guy kinda laughed and i said that I appreciate he's doing his job but to lay off her as in my eyes, I think he was flirting. He laughed again and said sure thing. 


I didn't tell my gf who went to get coffee a few days later and came home raging, saying how dare I embarrass her like that. This pissed me off cause why doesn't she want him to know?! She said she already mentioned me and that the guy is gay and she knows his boyfriend. 
Fair, innocent mistake on my behalf but the gf never told me this beautiful man was gay. 

She stormed out and still won't speak to me without making sly digs. 

AITA? 

**Tl;Dr** told the barista that my gf wasn't single and was with me as I thought they were flirting.Last fall, my husband and I went to my cousin's wedding in another state. 

In the months leading up to the wedding, my aunt (cousin's mother) griped about how unconventional the wedding was going to be. She was happy for the couple of course but she didn't like that the wedding wasn't going to be in a church or banquet hall. The wedding was going to be a small and intimate affair in a scenic national park and then the reception was going to be in a nice rental house in the woods. I thought it sounded cool and unique but my aunt hated the idea of it. She didn't tell the couple tho. Just complained about it to us behind their backs. 

We traveled 600 miles to the wedding. We treated the trip like a vacation. Spent some money on lodging, food, sightseeing, etcetera. 

The day before the wedding, my aunt rounded up me and my family members and told us that she just found out that the dress code for the wedding was casual. Not gonna lie, many of us were stoked. I hate dressing up so I was all over the idea of a casual backyard bbq wedding. 

My husband and I had already packed nice clothes so we wore them to the ceremony. A few of my family members showed up to the ceremony in t-shirts and baseball caps. Immediately after, we changed into comfortable clothes for the reception. I wore a hoodie, daisy Duke shorts and cute sandals. 

I noticed that the bride's family members were still dressed up but I figured they didn't get the memo. The bride and groom and the wedding party were dressed to the nine's which I thought was weird for a casual wedding. The reception was awesome. Nice dinner, fancy lawn games, a bonfire. We had a blast. 

So we just found out that the bride and groom were very upset with us for wearing casual clothes to their wedding. They thought it was very disrespectful. Apparently my aunt lied to us because she wanted to sabotage their wedding and they were upset that no one checked with them about the dress code. This explains why my cousin and his wife have been standoffish toward us since the wedding. 

TBH we think they're overreacting because we all had fun at their wedding and it's not our fault we got bad info about the dress code. And they never specified the dress code in the invitation. But I still have to ask. AITA?This is very fresh, posting from my phone and a throwaway because I’m honestly nervous about how big this is going to get. I just got an email from the assistant superintendent of the entire district that I have to be in his office Monday morning and I’m scared shitless. 

Basically I just graduated college and got my teaching certificate last year. The school heeded a track coach of the program would fold so I volunteered even though district guidelines (not rules) specify that a certain number of years is required before taking a head coach position but the principal waived this. We have some very talented girls and I enjoy it. 

We were scheduled to do a car wash fund raiser this morning. On Monday one of the girls asked me if they could wear bikini tops and cut off shorts. They argued it was for thier comfort since it’s about 80 here today. I was a little nervous but agreed. Apparently word got out on social media and we had a line of cars 30 minutes before we even started. I’m so naive I thought initially people were just being charitable but when I saw boys from surrounding schools I knew somthing was up. And it wasn’t long before older men started taking notice and we had a line where it was taking an hour to get a car washed. The girls themselves loved it, they all had fun, nothing bad happened (thank god) and all are proud of themselves for how much we made. 

Parents are furious with me and obviously it’s gone up the chain. I’m hoping to god I can chalk this up to my inexperience and I’m not fired buf when I had a 6’4” dad screaming in my face that he’s going to get my fired...I’m scared. 

Am I the asshole for allowing this?

Edit: Just as a quick update, in rhe last few minutes I've gotten two texts from parents offering me thier support and willing to show up with me Monday to at the very least talk about how out of line the dad was who screamed in my face, that makes me feel a little better.My daughter just turned 6. We had a birthday party for her on Saturday. That morning was pretty hectic. I was outside setting up and suddenly my wife comes outside yelling about how the grocery store screwed up the birthday cake and I didn't notice.

All that happened was that they spelled our daughter's name as "Sarah" and it's "Sara" and I said, "who cares, just scrape off the H" but she insisted on returning it. So I said "fine whatever." And then as she's leaving she says since I screwed up already I should make upfor it by finishing the decorations. 

And I go into the kitchen and I ask my daughter, "what's the most important thing?" She says "the gift bags." I found all the candy and toys and what I thought were the bags they were supposed to go into. So I make up the bags, my daughter helps, and she thinks they look great and she's happy with them.

My wife comes home and takes over, satisfied by the new cake and the attempt I made at helping. So a little while after that, the guests arrive. The day went pretty well until the end. My daughter reminds us that they need to hand out gift bags. My wife panics thinking she forgot about them, but she says "dont worry, dad made them" and she looked so relieved until I got the box. She looked inside an was horrified

"What the fuck is this?" she whispers. And she thrusts the box back at me and rushes to the bedroom. I follow her and find her sitting on the bed crying. She's SO embarrassed. Why? She wont say. I'm not sure what to do because people are trying to leave and they're confused as to whats going on. I then I just take over "goodbye" duty and hand out the bags to kids at the door and say bye with my daughter.

Well halfway through doing that my wife came back out and took the box from me and brought it into the bedroom and threw it on the ground. wtf? she finally tells me "those are dog poop bags" and basically I'm stupid and I've ruined all the hard work she put into the party.

well, reddit, they dont look like "dog poop" bags. they're just small pink bags with hearts on them. who really cares? I tell her "It's not like they're dirty. they're small bags like any other bags" and damn it she freaked. She says she's so mortified she doesnt even want to show her face at the school anymore.

So yeah I've been bringing my daughter to school every day this week (which has been making me late for work). my wife will barely even speak to me even though my daughter thinks everything was fine. she laughed when i told her they were really dog poop bags. my wife got even more mad at me for telling her. I told my wife she needs to chill and she basically said I was a huge asshole and she's mad that I dont think it's a big deal. and I still dont. Actually, I think I'm the one that should be mad at HER for keeping this going for almost a week.

So, Reddit, AITA?

TL;DR: I used dog poop bags as goody bags by accident for 6 year old daughter's bday partyI made an ALT account to ask this, since a bunch of my family follow my primary one.
I’m also.. not completely sure of the rules here, so I’ll try to keep it as PG as I can.

So, me and my girlfriend have been dating for almost 3 years. We have fun together, and we really care about each other. (just to keep it simple.)
I will say that she’s the first thin person I’ve ever been with. She’s flat, petite and pretty short. Most of the girls I’ve been with have been on the bigger side (in the good places..) and I’ve always been a fan of ... well, a bigger ~chest~ size.
This all started when me and my girlfriend were watching Netflix a few nights ago and she randomly asked me if I was okay with her having a flat chest. (She’s always been insecure about not having b**bs.) I asked why she was curious about this, and she told me she noticed that I never really had anything to say about her chest, (and that day she had been trying on lingerie and none of the ones she tried on fit her in the *chest* region. That kind of put her back mental funk where she thinks she’s not attractive if she doesn’t have a certain figure.) She said she was just curious.
I told her I had to be honest, and said that I’m not attracted to her chest size, and that I actually prefer bigger b-bs. It’s not a turn off, having a smaller size but not a turn on. If I’m being honest, that’s why I usually prefer she faces away from me during intercourse.
She was quiet for a while, and then she said she was going to go home since she had work in the morning. She texted me later on that night and told me what I said hurt her a little. She said we’ve been dating for a while and never brought this up, and that she feels like I lied to her. I told her I didn’t know what to tell her, and that I was just being honest (I was.).

Am I being the asshole here?

EDIT:
Here’s an update, for people who wanted it. Ignore if you don’t care, I won’t be mad: https://www.reddit.com/user/waywiser86/comments/azskqk/aita_only_update/I(17F) am a person who love to snack and have a special addiction on cheese pretzels from a specific bakery. The place is rather far from my place, and since I don't drive, I would spend about an hour and half or so on bus to and fro just to buy them once in a while.


My younger(13F) sister loves them too, and she is always too lazy and stingy to buy for herself that she would steal from me. When she does steal, she would take the whole box of 6 and finish them before I realized they are missing. Whenever I confront her, she would laugh and say that I don't need all that since I am so fat. Yes, I do have a decent amount of chubs, but that's my business, not her's.


After quite a while of failing to hide the pretzels, shouting match between me and my sister, complaining to mum who doesn't give a damn and agree that I don't need extra fats, I have started using another way, "Peanut Repellent" I call it.


You see, my sister is mildly allergic to peanuts. She had accidentaly ingested them a couple of times in the past, she looked nasty for a while but nothing serious happened otherwise. Still, it was enough for her to make an effort to avoid eating peanuts.


I bought some breadcrumbs and would now sprinkle them on top of my pretzels in front of my sister whenever I buy them, announcing to her that they are peanut crumbs, so that she would stop stealing them anymore. She did stop. 


My sister has been calling me selfish pig and my mother demanded me to stop as I am putting my greed over my sister's safety, to which I replied that she would be in no such danger if she keep her hands and mouth to herself. AITA for using the "peanut repellent"?I got engaged to my wife when we were 26, we had been dating for 7 years.

I got her engagement ring engraved to say “Semper amemus” which means let us always love, I spent all my savings on her engagement ring and even took a loan out to buy it, it seems silly now but I love her and she deserves the best.


We got married at 30, adopted our first child at 32, second child at 35 and now we’re both 40.

I recently found out she pawned her engagement ring for £1,200, I spent over nine thousand on her ring.


She’s telling me she’s got a bunch of pictures of it and she isn’t a jewellery person anyway which is true in all the years I’ve known her she’s only worn her crucifix and engagement/wedding ring, the wedding ring means everything to her but she doesn’t have any attachment to the engagement ring.

I’m completely upset about that 

She thinks I’m an AH because it was *her* ring after all and it didn’t mean as much to her as it did to me 

AITA?Using a throwaway. I am the only child of my parents. They set their will up to have me inherit about 70% of their estate, with the stipulation that I donate/tithe 10% of my portion to their church. My parents' siblings had the rest divided among them. 

Here's the thing: I don't view churches to be a worthy cause to give to in general. I actually view it to be unethical to make the churches richer while actual worthy causes suffer. Beyond that, that particular church had a horrible effect on my childhood that I'm still working through as an adult. I can't on moral or ethical grounds give money to my abusers. 

They had another clause where if someone contests the will, everyone's portion gets tied up in court and it's very possible that no-one gets anything. My case extended legal proceedings for almost 9 months longer than it would have been, but I was able to argue and win that the church could be substituted for any non profit charity. I chose Planned Parenthood, RAINN, and Saving Our Sisters, the three organizations that I felt best counteracted the religion I was raised in, and split 25% (15% extra) of my inheritance between them. 

I've been getting flak from all of my extended family, who say that I should have honoured my parents last wishes and not dragged everyone through months of court because I "couldn't control my emotions". I don't agree, and I honestly couldn't live with myself having given a single dime to a religious group or religious institution. I would have forfeited the entire thing if I had to to not do it.

Edit: The legal proceedings have since ended. The reason that they set the will up that way was that they wanted me to personally have to sign the check to the church in an effort to draw me in. I didn't realize this wasn't obvious.



Even though she’s under 18 for holidays I always get my daughter a couple of scratchers that I will cash for her. My dad used to do the same for me and it was fun even if I didn’t win. The only rules I made about them are anything over a hundred dollars goes into a savings account for when she’s older.

I decided to give my stepdaughter some lottery tickets too. I had asked my wife about it beforehand and she was going to have the same rules with the money except she would be the one to hold onto anything over a hundred for her daughter since we keep our finances mostly separate.

My stepdaughter scratched hers and won $10. My daughter scratched hers and won $300. So I cashed them in and gave my daughter $100 and my stepdaughter the $10. 

My stepdaughter was disappointed and my wife thinks I should have split up the money evenly so each of the girls got at least $55 to spend and $100 to save since the ticket and money were technically mine legally.

I don’t think splitting up my daughters money would have been fair to her. I certainly wouldn’t have made my stepdaughter to give mine any of her winnings if she won more.

Edit. Messed up on math. After taking out the $200 and splitting it up they  would get $55 spend.

Edit 2. A lot of people seem to have missed the part where I explained the rule I had about them, so I’ll repeat it. I am not keeping any of the money for myself. The $200 I didn’t give my daughter went into her savings account that she can use when she’s older.

Edit 3. They’re $1 scratchers. The grand prize is under $1000. So no need to worry about one of them winning thousands or millions.

Edit 4. The scratchers were a small side present. They both got lots of other presents too more suited to their interests.I've been the sole babysitter for a friend since their child was born 3 years ago. I don't get paid supremely well, below minimum wage ($60/6hr when minimum would be $84/6hr) but it's still been agreeable because it's easy money and I can study while I'm there. My friend is also not particularly well off (or wasn't as you'll soon read) so I was throwing them a bone by being lenient on the wage. The husband is against babysitting and daycares (he was a victim of abuse this way) but he agreed because we're all friends and have been for a long time.

My friend won $740,000 in the lottery two months ago and everything is more or less settled in. They bought two new 2019 cars ($60,000+ vehicles), travelled a bit, etc. But they still paid me the same amount, which stung because I'm covering for them while they went to Cuba and Mexico.

They can afford to pay me more, so I told them this. I want minimum wage, and they declined saying it's too expensive. So I decided to no longer babysit for them. This means they'll have no babysitter because my friend's husband doesn't care for them.

I know I'm not the asshole for quitting over a wage but it's not entirely that. I'm half doing this vindictively because I know they're in a peculiar position where I'm their only option. But all I want is minimum wage, I'm not going to gouge them over this fact. Part of it might be jealousy but if they can afford $120,000+ in cars in the span of two months, they can afford an extra $24 per shift of my babysitting.

AITA?Hi everyone.

My girlfriend and I have been together nearly 2 years now and have spent a bunch of get togethers with my family in that time. From the beginning, I told my parents that my girlfriend has a serious pork allergy. Whenever a family occasion comes up that involves them cooking, I always remind them about the allergy because they always seem to forget (and my family seems to eat a lot of pork, go figure). Last year at Christmas, my mom cooked the turkey with bacon layered on the top of it despite knowing about my girlfriend's allergy, and my girlfriend couldn't eat it.

So, since the holidays are coming up I reminded my mom a few weeks ago about the allergy. Today at lunch I was talking to my mom and brought up Christmas Day. She then says, "I'm cooking the turkey with bacon on top". I just looked at her and said "If you do that, (insert girlfriend's name) won't be able to eat it like last year". Then she got all upset and says "Fine, I just won't cook it with bacon like I had planned then" and I said, "You don't have to do a whole separate plan" and she got pissed off and said "Good  I won't." She then asked if my girlfriend can eat ham and I just looked at her incredulously and reminded her that no, she can't, because ham is also pork. She just huffed at that and walked away from the table and didn't sit down again.

I feel hurt because I feel like there's an inconsiderate aspect to this by both of my parents not keeping in mind my girlfriend's allergy and me having to continually remind them. I'm mad because if I hadn't said anything today, the turkey would have again been cooked with bacon on it and my girlfriend wouldn't have been able to eat it, which I personally would find upsetting if I were in her shoes and it happened for a second year in a row. I know this isn't a huge deal in the grand scheme of life, but AITA for getting mad at them about this?Hi everyone, I’d like some input. 

My wife and I struggle to make ends meet. We strictly budget everything down to the dollar, without a lot of wiggle room. This includes our groceries, which we have a set $ amount we spend, no more. 

Recently our DD dropped the milk and spilled it. It was 5 days to payday and we’d already done our grocery shopping. My wife said she’d figure it out. I know she has a little money stashed for herself that she’s gotten from selling some of her clothes recently, so when she came home with milk and a bag of chips for the kids as a treat, I figured she must have decided to dip into that. Boy was I wrong. 

The next week I noticed our food was a little...higher quality. A couple of brand name things, even a roast on Sunday with asparagus. I figured she must have gotten some killer deals, but when I asked she said “oh no, I found a bunch of money off coupons.” Then she showed a few to me. 

They were those “Earn 0.07$ a gallon” receipts you get at the gas station. She had gone there and dug through the garbage! She said she got about 5$ worth of these receipts the first time when we needed milk, and went back the next week for more, netting about 30$ total. 

I was speechless. I asked her how she could lower herself like that. She replied that she did it for our kids. When I asked why she didn’t use her money she had saved, she said it was hers and she was saving it for something special. 

I’m so disgusted guys. I can’t believe she did this. I don’t even want to look at her. She on the other hand is mad at me, and says I’m an asshole for being mad, and for expecting her to use her saved money instead. AITA for expecting my wife NOT to dumpster dive?

Edit: OK! I am definitely the asshole. After reading all of your comments, I really thought about it. I talked to my wife, and told her I was sorry for the way I acted. She is annoyed but willing to forgive me. I was actually mad at myself. The reason we are struggling is because I was in an accident a few months ago. I slid through a stop light on an icy road. It has permanently affected my ability to work in the trade I’ve worked in for 15 years. I’m on disability through my employer but it isn’t even half of what I used to make. We are getting by, but it is tight. And I don’t know what we are going to do when it runs out. My wife is stretching every dollar (she takes care of the finances). I guess I was just mad at myself because I can’t take care of my family anymore, and lashed out. I’m going to give her a foot rub tonight. Thanks for the honesty guys. Edit 1: Wow, thank you all so much for you input. I will post an update in a day or so

Edit 2: PLEASE STOP GIVING ME AWARDS THIS IS A THROWAWAY ACCOUNT. SPEND YOUR MONEY ON PEOPLE WHO MAKE DANK MEMES

The title sounds harsh, but hear me out.

My fiance and I are late 20's, have been together for 6 years(with a three month period we were broken up, but we don't really count that), set to marry in 2 years, Summer 2021.

I make pretty good money for my age. In fact, I make more money than any of my friends or family, and I would bet I'm in the "1%" of my community. I try to sound humble but this is important to my argument. I should also add when we started dating, I was delivering pizzas for minimum wage and going to college full time for my degree, so the "gold digger" argument just isn't there.

My fiance 5 months ago lost her job as a waitress. She was fired for no-call no showing 3 days in a row to attend her uncle's funeral.  Since then, she hasn't worked. I really didn't mind at all. I make enough for us both to have some major cushion. 

I am against joint bank accounts entirely, so instead I just would venmo her some cash weekly. It was $400 for awhile and everyone was okay.

She has been complaining more and more about how she's "broke", doesn't have enough to survive etc. I know this isn't true because i shop weekly and fill our kitchen with food, our bathroom with toiletries, pay every bill etc etc.  She has been hinting at wanting more money from me.

I shudder to say "allowance", but that's what it seems to be.

I told her I would give her more on one condition: she gives me her bank account details so I could see exactly what she was spending it on. I could see the clothes, fast food and other trinkets she brought home, but I hadn't a clue how she was blowing through all that cash, sometimes in one day when she only goes shopping once a week with me.

She blew up. Telling me I wasn't trusting her and how I was the one against joint bank accounts so I should understand her privacy. Yeah, HUGE red flags all over the place.

I talked to my sister and therapist about this and they both took her side, saying I was not respecting her privacy when I'm the one that demands it also. 

AITA?My gym has multiple squat racks facing mirrors opposite each other. This means that while your in the rack looking in the mirror, over your shoulder on either side is other people facing away from you in their own rack.  Because it might help with context I’m 6’, 170lbs (so not some giant bodybuilder) and the girl in this story is average height and weight as well (not some fitness model but not substantially overweight either).  

While in between sets, I’m standing with my arms on the bar and generally feeling like shit after my first few heavy sets when I see a girl behind me in the mirror at the bottom of her squat and immediately notice that I can clearly see her ass through her pants. 

Like 90% of people in the gym I just want to be left alone, ignore everyone, and pretend the world doesn’t exist.  So I move on with life and do another set, but then she does her set and sure enough when she is at the bottom of her squat her yoga pants are stretched on her ass they go completely see through and I can pretty much see her butthole.  I don’t mean if I squint and stare, I mean plain as day, anyone on my side of the racks can see through her pants. 

No idea why I cared (am married and completely uninterested) but I go into helpful mode and pull my headphones out and turn around quietly enough that only the two of us can hear say this:

“Hey this is super creepy, but I’d feel creepier if I didn’t say something.  When you squat, your pants stretch and go completely see through on your ass.”

Again I thought I was being helpful and that she’d want to know, but wholly shit did she not see it that way. This girl practically screams “You fucking pervert! Stop staring at my ass!” 

Not needing to be told twice now that half the gym is staring at me, I go back to my workout and suffer the angry looks for another 20min and go home.  

I tell my wife about it who laughs and says I was totally an asshole for saying that and she’d be pissed and super embarrassed if someone did that to her. So reddit, settle this, AITA?So, I've been having this problem for a while now with my roommate. But basically, his girlfriend makes ridiculously loud moans and screams during sex late into the night on weekdays that keeps me awake.

I've asked him numerous times to just have his gf not do that since it is something he can control and me and my gf are quiet when it's late on a weeknight out of common courtesy.

Well, it didn't stop. 

Anyway, since I'm at my wit's end for him not respecting my wishes, I've decided that whenever it happens to make grotesque, gargoyle noises beneath them and scream it out of my window until I kill their mood as a way to put a stop to it.

The noises are kind of, like, SKREEEEEEEOOOOOOOASH! SKREEEEASCCHHHHH! followed by snorts and the like.

So far, it has proven about 50% effective, and he is asking me what I'm doing downstairs. I brush it off like it's no big deal and I really don't know what he's talking about, citing it's probably my other roommates playing video games. His audibly loud gf (amazingly) seems able to stop her moaning and screaming during sex whenever the first floor Gargoyle rears its ugly head.

AITA for making gargoyle noises to ruin my roommate's mood with his gf because he won't respect my wishes to not have audibly loud sex in the middle of the night on weekdays?

*inserted a clip that approximates the noise: https://youtu.be/8ij3L4mpUzw?t=8tl;dr at bottom

Okay so I’m almost 19.

When my paternal uncle was around 22, he got his girlfriend pregnant, but they had an abortion. They got married later on, converted to Christianity and became pro-life advocates, and had two daughters, who are currently 26 and 23. 

I know about the abortion part because my dad told me a couple years back. He didn’t say not to tell anyone, but said that only him, his brother, and his wife know of it. I thought it’s weird they never told their daughters, given that they’re all such protestors against abortion.

But anyways dad also has a sister, who’s daughter I’m really close with. She’s Christian like the rest of us, but she got pregnant out of wedlock and had a baby last May. Then her boyfriend left her over it. I absolutely adore her baby, and I try to help raise him given that he doesn’t have a father.

I’m usually on good terms with my aforementioned uncle’s daughters, and I was messaging them three way last night. I was sending a bunch of cheery pictures and messages of the baby, and eventually they asked why I would celebrate him so much given that he was created in sin.

I told them our cousin has prayed for forgiveness and that everyone makes mistakes. But they overrode me, saying that she’s easy and shouldn’t have spread her legs blah blah blah. It went on for a few more messages.

I got really frustrated at one point and in a fit of rage said 

“Yeah I hate to break it to you ladies but your parents got pregnant and had an abortion all outside of marriage way back when. Everyone makes mistakes and our cousin is trying to make the best of a bad situation, so lighten up.”

Three hours later and there was still no response; I knew I was in deep shit.

And I was! My parents yelled at me, grounded me, and took away my electronics last night, meaning I’m using my old old old phone right now. They were very tense with me today. I was very earnest. 

I always like posting online where no one can physically judge me, so thus I ask, AITA for telling my cousins the truth about their parents?

tl;dr: uncle and aunt got abortion way back when, told unbeknownst cousins about it when they judged our cousin for having baby out of wedlock, parents mad at me. AITA?Ok so i have a feeling i know the answer to this one already - but i just want to see from a bigger POV.

My nephew is 8 - he was staring in his first Christmas play, my sister invited me to it since i was coming to see her that day anyway. We all get in, all the kids in the school are sitting down in front of the stage and all the parents/family are standing at the back. My nephew was playing as a reindeer. Everyone in his class has an equal role, about 2-3 lines worth of stuff to say.

My nephew was brilliant, nailed his lines, he really looked like he enjoyed himself, so then we just had to stand and wait for all the other kids to have their parts and then we get to congratulate the kids after.

This one girl, same age as my nephew was playing Mrs Claus - she was visibly nervous and shakey, it came off more cute than awkward - as she was saying her lines, she got a bit flustered and forgot a part - she got a little stuck on it and there was silence for about 4 seconds. Then all of a sudden, the girl just said "Oh fuck! i forgot!" - There were a few gasps among the parents - all the kids were sniggering, but i just lost it, i dont know what it is about young kids swearing but i found it hilarious. I was snort laughing and many people turned around to look at me, i tried to take myself out of the hall and try to compose myself, but i got to the door and i just ended up falling over and laughing harder, i was wheezing, my stomach hurt and i just couldn't contain myself.  I'm a 30 year old man and this was my defeat.

The doors are just glass doors so i crawled out to the hallway just outside of the main stage hall but you can clearly still seem me through the door and i'm assuming you could still hear me. I took myself to the toilet - splashed some water on my face and returned to the hall. Some parents and kids kept looking at me and giggling, understandably so.

After the play finished, i congratulated my nephew, said how good he did, and then i saw the little girl who swore and her mum, i went over to apologise for laughing - the daughter seemed absolutely fine, she was just happy that she was on stage but the mum was very annoyed with me - i said sorry to her and the mum said something along the lines of "Remember where you are, it's very immature to laugh at children." and took her daughter away.

My sister said not to worry about it, the mum is a bit of a fun sponge anyway, but i feel a bit bad about what happened.

EDIT for clarification and FAQ:-

* I only fell on the floor laughing when i got to the door, only a few parents at the back would have seen that part.
* This wasn't my son, it was my nephew, it says that in the title.
* The initial snort-laugh when the girl first said it was the only part where people were staring at me and giggling.
* I cannot stress enough that i didn't do this for attention and to steal the light, im not that type - i've had a rough few months with some deaths and i think that may have factored into why i laughed so hard at this.
* I'm a gay 30 year old with no kids so this one really took me by surprise (evidently)So I have a father who left our family to start a new one with our neighbor when I was 13. I never fully forgave him even thought he tried (and still does) to make it up to me.

Growing up, he would pay me to work with him in his company. It's pretty advanced construction finishing stuff (like custom molding for many different uses).

I worked with him on and off through college and I've gotten very good at it.

He asked me to join his company full time as  an equal owner after I graduated. But my stepmom had a fit and basically forced my stepbrother into the mix as well.

I do not get along with my stepbrother and told my father that it's either him or me. He also did not have the right skills to work in a major capacity.

To no one's surprise, my father said I needed to compromise so everyone in the family can be happy.

I refused to compromise and went ahead and set up my own company. My father was upset but I guess he figured he couldn't stop me. We continued having weekly dinners.

For some reason, people are liking my company's work more. I have expanded my company more than my father ever has. I also targetted his major clients who have slowly come over to my company. I don't even do any of the labor myself anymore unless I want to.

Last week, my father broke down and said his business was struggling to survive. I admit I did feel bad so I offered him a full time job in my company and that I'd buy out his tools and workshop lease. But I told him my stepmother and stepbrother are not welcome  anywhere near my company.

This made my father pretty angry and we had a pretty big fight. He said I betrayed him. Then I basically told him he betrayed me by cheating on my mother. 

I do feel kind of guilty I ruined my father's company he worked hard to build. But at the same time he forced me into this position by getting his family involved.

AITA?I'm VERY late on this, sorry.

I'm an 18 year old guy with a lot of experience when it comes to handling kids. I've babysat my baby brother multiple times when I was 14-15, and even some of my cousins aged around 3-8 (where I live it's not illegal to do, so don't worry). I do this when I'm free on the weeked.

My town's pretty small and the people there are very busy sometimes. Combine that with the fact that there aren't many babysitters and well, news spread (via my mum who wanted me to do this) that I'm a good option.

I voluntarily do my services for cheap, (I'll use the currency dollars to put it into perspective for most of you) approximately $2-3/hour, sometimes even for free. The parents/carers are always so surprised and amazed when they arrive back to see everything in perfect condition, and even more so when I tell them the price. They often offer more but I reject, because I just enjoy working with kids.

This one family took advantage of this though. I live alone with a few roommates, so this family I previously served multiple times called me and felt that they owed me a special Thanksgiving dinner because it was the least that they could do.

I don't celebrate Thanksgiving, but I didn't want to be rude to their kind offer and decided that I would go. I drove there and we were having a good time eating and talking. My parents called to check on me so I excused myself to leave the room and go on a quick call with them and left. They must seen this as an opportunity of some sort, because the next thing you know they left quickly and left a note on the table saying "Sorry! We'll be right back and pay you in full.", and left me with a 4 year old boy and 3 year old girl.

It was late and I had plans to enjoy my Thanksgiving holiday and they ruined it. I obviously wasn't happy so I tried calling them 3 times but they didn't pick up. I dialled the non-emergency police number and when the officer showed up, I told him everything.

The parents turned up and the officer demanded their side of the story. They told him they had to attend an emergency community meeting. They were lucky not to get fined, but the officer gave them a strong reprimanding and left. They were confused and ticked off at me. I said "you should have let me know and you practically left your kids with me without my consent. That's illegal"

I then told them "don't expect me to babysit your kids here on out". They've tried to call me numerous times that they need me and they apologise, but I wasn't having any of it. I told my parents and they thought I was being a little too harsh.

**EDIT**: A LOT of you guys are confused at my contradictive phrasing. **I don't celebrate Thanksgiving**, but you can still celebrate the holiday with your own plans instead without actually celebrating the event. I know some non-Christian friends who decided to go on a vacation to France during the Christmas holidays, that doesn't necessarily mean that they "celebrate Christmas". It's just taking a break from all the stuff you usually do and having fun. If I'm making sense.

**EDIT 2:** You guys are right. I ought to charge more. It seems like I undervalue my work and I don't. But with charge rates like that, it's very easy to be taken advantage of. Thank you for all of your insights on this.My husband and I have a 15 year old son, who is biracial; my husband is African American and I am white (this will be important later on in the story). My son just got his driver’s permit and has begun driving with me on a regular basis. The other day we were on the road, and he accidentally cut off a truck, making him have to break abruptly.

I scolded my son and gave a “sorry” wave to the driver. At the next red light which came about a minute later, the guy pulled up next to us. His car had a large company logo on it, indicating he was on the job. He rolled down the window and shouted the N-word at my son. My son’s face went pale, and he was quiet, depressed and clearly wounded deeply the rest of the drive home. The encounter **sickened** me.

I did some research on the company; at one point I even plugged them into Facebook. They have a very active Facebook page and seem like an organization that prides themselves on a good image and good customer service. I called the company and reported the man’s behavior, describing him very vividly. They informed me that they knew exactly who I was talking about, and that all their drivers drive with a dashcam, so his behavior is on camera. I had a good feeling about the encounter and that they were going to definitely take care of the situation.

Two months later, when I was browsing Facebook kind of boredly one day, the company’s name was recommended in my search, and just for the hell of it I clicked and looked at their page for the first time in two months. One of the very first photos/posts I saw from just a day ago showed a big group of their employees huddled together in their company yard, with some kind of tag about a project they just completed. To my horror, I saw the employee who shouted at my son in the group, grinning widely. Meaning they didn’t fire him.

The company is part of a nationwide chain, so I called their corporate headquarters, was connected to the highest person I could get to, and I reported the incident to them, and complained about how they didn’t fire him. The man I spoke to sounded **disgusted**, way, way more so than the previous person I’d reported him to, apologized profusely, and thanked me very much for telling him. Additionally, he made multiple statements about how racists and bigots have “no place” and “no future” in his company, giving me a strong feeling the offending employee’s career is now toast.

Was it right of me to “double-report” this guy? I’m sure he was given at least some consequence the first time around (if not fired) and wonder if some might argue that I was going too far or being vindictive by reporting him again. Am I an asshole or a “Karen” for not dropping this matter?My 10yo kid has been saving his money (birthday, allowance etc) for months now to get a Nintendo Switch so he can play BOTW. Right now he has $200 saved up. At his current allowance ($10/week) it will still take him months to be able to afford it.

I know he really wants it as all of his friends have one, and he hasn’t been obnoxious about it - just diligently saving up his money. Now I have to say, he’s a really good kid. Kind, smart, does his chores without complaining, friendly to everyone. He’s been making great grades in school and was even made captain of his soccer team.

Instead of making him do more chores to earn more money, I thought of a more fun solution to help him get his Switch. I told him, if you can beat Ocarina of Time (without Googling for help - though I would help him along the way if he got stuck) on my old N64, I’ll pay for the rest of your Switch and get you BOTW. Wife was initially opposed to the idea but then thought it could be a fun father son bonding thing, so she went along with it. Part of my reasoning too is I just want him to appreciate how far video games have come, and OoT is a timeless classic. 

He jumped at the idea! After a weekend of playing, he’s already at Zoras domain as young link. He seems to be having fun with it and hasn’t gotten too frustrated yet. He’s only played Minecraft really so the dated graphics don’t bother him either. 

But anyway I told a couple friends about it, and they think I’m a massive dick. That I’m trying to relive my childhood vicariously through my son, and that I should just get him the Switch because he’s already such a good kid. Now I’m having second thoughts and am feeling bad about it, but he does seem to be enjoying the challenge. 

So AITA?I got pregnant in high school, when I was 17 (I am just turning 30 now). I wanted an abortion and my boyfriend begged, begged, begged, guilted, begged me to carry the fetus to term and that he would raise the baby himself. He involved his parents, who involved my parents, and since my parents were against abortion, they agreed on my behalf that this is what would happen.

I was naive at the time about how horrible pregnancy and delivery would be with a baby you don't want. I was miserable, in pain, anxious, isolated, and sick the whole time. Delivery was a nightmare. The whole process was so traumatic that I've been diagnosed with PTSD from it, for which I've been in therapy for the last four years.

In my country, if both parents are 18 and both agree to it, one parent can legally give up parental obligations, so I did that. I haven't regretted it for a minute (I do regret not getting an abortion because of the trauma it caused me, I do NOT regret giving up parental rights). I do not think about this child, I do not think of myself as having a child, I am not a mother. I have never met the child and never want to.

Last month, my exboyfriend contacted me (again through my parents) because he and his wife have split up and now that his daughter is 12, she wants to know about the circumstances of her birth. I told him that we did things according to his wishes and I never, ever want contact with his child and don't want him to tell her my name or contact information.

He and my parents are furious and my parents also admitted they thought I'd 'come around.' They want to be in his child's life but want me to also be a part of it. I won't. Am I the asshole here? All I have done is what I have always said I would do.

Note: Sorry, English isn't my first language. I also tried to talk this out on another forum and it turned into a very US-centric conversation about abortion and child support but none of that applies as I am not from US and we do not have the same type of child support laws.Background: I have this friend Mandy who I guess what you'd call "militantly obese." She has claimed in the past that it's a civil rights issue and that she is "genetically fat" just like people are "genetically black" (her words, not mind but you can see her mindset). 

Recently Mandy's husband said enough is enough is enough and told her that if she didn't at least make and effort to change he was leaving. Mandy was diagnosed with being pre-diabetic and called me sobbing both because of what her husband said and the doctor being "anofher link in the chain." 

This was about January and Mandy and her husband have been on a calorie restricted diet and he has lost...probably 20lbs and Mandy has actually gained weight. Mandy was using this as "proof" that her issue was genetic. 

I was helping Mandy unload groceries the other day and came across a huge Tupperware bin the back of her suv. I assumed she wanted it unloaded but as I moved it, the lid came loose and it was packed to the gills with treats, most opened and half eaten. I asked her about it. She got super defensive and told me to mind my own business. I asked her if this why she's gaining weight. She told me to fuck off. I texted her husband because in the heat of the moment I was furious she had spoken to me like that.

Her husband has filed for emergency seperatrion so Mandy can't ruin him financially (she has threatened this in the past) with the aim of divorce. Mandy is blaming me, am I the asshole here?


Edit: I accept my judgment and I won't delete but the comments have taken a ridiculous turn and I don't want to he part of this anymore. No I don't want to have sex with him. Nor did I ever imply or infer that. Enjoy your day.


Edit 2: based on some responses that said I was the asshole for acting out of anger rather than concern (which I accept) I called and told Mandy that I was sorry for my reasons for texting her husband. She said that I am just another person oppressing her and that even the Avengers were oppressing her these days. I asked her what she meant (won’t spoil the movie) but I explained to her that I was acting out of frustration and Avengers is just a movie and now I was really concerned. She said I could take my concern and shove it up my ass and we’re done and hung up and has apparently blocked my number. Thank you for participating but I think it’s a dead subject at this point. I hope she gets the help she needsA few friends and I went out to a party and got drunk. Three of us headed back to sleep at Jamie’s. I was pretty out of it and passed out on the couch. I sort of remember one of them asking me, “Hey OP what do you want on the pizza?” I said “cheese” and went back to sleep.

I woke up and the two large pizzas they ordered were gone. They were like “yeah when they got here you were asleep” and asked me to pay a third since I “helped ordered the pizza.” I was really confused by this and said I was not going to pay third for food they ate. They were like “it’s not our fault you were asleep, you helped order the pizza.” I would be happy to pay for it if I got even one piece the morning after! I asked how the two of them (two small girls) even managed to eat two large pizzas and Sarah was like “well Matthew helped.” Matthew is Jamie’s boyfriend. I said then well Matthew should pay for his part. They got angry and said “you helped order it, we would have gotten something else if you hadn’t.” 

I refused to pay still because I didn’t want to pay for food that someone else had eaten without even saving me a little. AITA?My sons 10th birthday is next saturday and me and my husband have been planned a party for him. To make sure we gave everyone enough time we got invitations ready 2 weeks in advance and I had my son pass them out Friday. We invited every one in his class (he goes to a small private school so there were only 15 kids to invite). Except for one child well call david. 

The school my son goes to has a program for special needs kids where they are put into a "normal" class once a week. David is a high functioning autistic child who was put in my sons class to help him socialize and to help the other kids learn to not discriminate against special needs people. From what I know about him and his mother they are just doing their best, and I have nothing against either of them. However, there have been incidents with david before. Last year through friends I had heard that David had a meltdown at another party he was invited to. I don't know if I believe it but parents who were there say that it was because he wanted to open presents like the birthday boy and when told no freaked out. There are other logistical problems as well (The party will be in a loud arcade) so in the end I decided to not invite david. 

Well, after my son passed the invitations word spread around that we had excluded the special needs child in his class. This got back to davids mother who called me last night and confronted me about this. She told me that I am awful for excluding her son and that i'm teaching my son to discriminate. When I brought up the logistics and the past incident she told me that i'm an asshole for assuming what her son can and cant do before hanging up. I woke up this morning to a passive aggressive post by her and many other parents are siding with her. 

I just want my son to have a good party and didn't mean anything by this. AITA?My wife and I had our first baby a month ago. She prefers to pump a few bottles worth of milk at a time and feed the baby from the bottle. She stores the bottles in the fridge. 


My little brother has never had a girlfriend. He acts quite awkward around my wife and other women from what I’ve seen. He came to my house last week to see the baby and he noticed the bottles in the fridge. 


Yesterday, my wife and I, along with our baby, went over to my parent’s house. My brother knows since he’s in our family group chat. He texted me when I was at my parent’s house that he bought my baby some cool clothes and will drop them off. He knows my front door pin to get in. 


When I got home I saw the cool clothes he bought and thanked him via text. My wife bottle fed my baby that night with no issues. Today, however, she said the baby reacted very differently to the new bottle she fed her. She coughed much more than usual and spat out the milk, which never happened before. So, my wife tasted it and said it was cow milk, not her milk. She told me to taste it too and compare it with the two other bottles in the fridge. That bottle indeed tasted much more like cow milk than the other two.


My wife suspected it was my brother drinking her breast milk and swapping out that bottle with cow milk. I agreed that it would not be out of character for him to do that. I thought it was a bit fishy he would come by and drop off clothes, especially since that was the first time he would come to my house when no one was home. 


I called my brother and asked him why he would drop by when we were not home and why he couldn’t wait a few hours until we got home. He said he just bought the clothes from the nearby mall and it was more convenient to drop them off then. I asked him to please tell me the truth if he swapped my wife’s breast milk with cow milk and he vehemently denied it. I told him how we found out the bottle contained cow milk and what a coincidence it must be. He said he really doesn’t know, but I could hear the tremble in his words. I told him that my wife and I don’t believe him and if he doesn’t apologize now, we would tell our parents what happened and ask what they think. He once again denies doing anything so I hung up. 


Before calling my parents, I want to know what you guys think first. Are my wife and I just paranoid or do we have good enough reason to believe my brother swapped out her breast milk with cow milk?8 years ago I got a gorgeous chug. While extremely high I decided that the greatest dog name ever thought of is Askim, because when people ask me his name and I tell them about 50% of the time they’ll awkwardly bend down and ask my dog it’s name. It’s hilarious. 
I had my fun for the first few weeks but eventually everyone had just gotten used to the name and the joke faded away. Occasionally I’ll be chatting to someone that hasn’t met Askim yet and when they ask his name I have my little laugh but other than that it’s a dead joke. 
Well, I just moved into a new neighborhood with a great park that has lots of dogs and very chatty regulars. An elderly lady asked Askim’s name, said “what?” So I repeated myself and she turned to my dog and asked him his name. I quickly explained but instead of getting the usual chuckle she became extremely upset and felt very humiliated. Since then a couple of people at the park have approached me and told me they “heard about my joke” and that they didn’t appreciate pranks in a nice family park.

I honestly don’t get it, but since the people that have reacted well to my dog’s dumb name have been friends, coworkers and family and these strangers are having a very different reaction I’ll accept your judgement on it.

EDIT: it’s a always a little jarring to wake up to 650+ notifications, I’ll go through them at my own pace throughout the day.

I should have been clearer, but I guess I didn’t know how to spell it out until I saw you guys suggest it. I absolutely think that the reason for her reaction is that I made her feel foolish, and she undoubtedly thought I did that intentionally. This is a pretty close knit community and she sought support from her friends who just took her distress at face value and confronted me about it.

The truth is that I say the word “Askim” multiple times a day. I’m aware that the name originated in a joke but at this point it’s just a thing I call my dog. When going out I’m not looking for new victims or inviting people to get tricked, and I wasn’t trying to trick her, It was small talk and I didn’t even  think about it until I got a negative reaction. 

It’s been pointed out that elderly people can feel really insecure about their diminishing faculties and I know from personal experience that it’s very true. I really like the idea of posting an explanation on the community Facebook page, especially now that I know it’s Turkish meaning and that it’s a town in Norway and neighborhood in Sweden.I (27F) and my roommate (23M) rent from our landlord (60M) and are both on the lease. Recently my roommate started dating a woman (19F) with a kid (toddler). 

Both the woman and the kid are really annoying. I'm childfree and dislike being around children. This annoying toddler always screams and throws tantrums. I could deal with this until now. Roommate's girlfriend decided it was ok for her to move in without paying rent since she got kicked out of her parents house (wonder why?). I am very vocally not happy with this and I told the landlord immediately and he said he'd do something about it but never did. It's been a month so I'm not even sure if she can be legally evicted now, not that it's even in my hands now.

Best thing I can do now is just ignore the girlfriend and her kid. I don't acknowledge the kid, I bought a minifridge for my room so that she doesn't steal my food, I moved my tv and all my consoles from the living room into my room since I hate going out there now anyway. Apart from that business is completely normal. I smoke weed (legal, not against the lease so long as I do it on the balcony), have people over including my girlfriend who I have sex with, practice my instruments as loud as I want during non-quiet hours. I refuse to babysit for any amount of time for any reason. One time I was sleeping and got woken up to my door being knocked on and my phone vibrating. I saw a bunch of texts from roommate saying that they need me to babysit. I lied and said I was out which lead to them having to cancel their plans for the day.

Roommate's girlfriend HATES me and thinks I'm being selfish. Thinks that the baby needs to come first. She has no money and my roommate makes a lot less than me so she thinks I should be responsible for childproofing the house. I told her to take it up with the landlord and that I wasn't wasting my money on her and her kid that isn't even wanted here.

Today I was having my lunch with my mom and vented about this to her and she said that I'm being really mean because even though the circumstances aren't ideal "babys should come first, always". Am I really the asshole for wanting to live my life exactly the same as before some unwanted kid started squatting in my house? The way I see it she should go find some other place or if she can't afford one a shelter somewhere.My son(26M) introduced us to his boyfriend(23M) few years ago. They live together and they’re pretty serious, but me and my husband don’t know anything about him. We see each other often. I just know his age and name. 

He’s financially stable, he owns a huge house, when we asked him where he worked, he just chuckled awkwardly and didn’t answer us. He never answers any questions. 

Recently my son talked to me and said that he wanted to propose to him. I was happy for him of course. I congratulated him. Then we started talking about some stuff. He asked me opinion about him. I told him that I basically don’t know him so I don’t trust him that much, but since he loves him It’s his choice. He got upset at that and left pretty soon. He has been acting distant since that.I (17F) was babysitting for a neighbour (Jane) tonight. She had heard of me through a friend of hers (Kate) who is someone I babysit for regularly - so when Kate asked me to babysit for Jane and gave glowing recommendations of how lovely Jane was to me (I'm quite shy) and how good I was to Jane - I thought "sure. I enjoy babysitting, love kids, etc - why not?" My mother took me over to Jane's house, introduced herself, gave Jane her number and left once she saw that there were actually kids there, that Jane and her husband Peter were getting ready to leave, that it was legit basically. 

Jane and Peter left and I babysit the kids who were cool kids. I watch a movie, clean up the mess we had made in the kitchen (spaghetti with toddlers is a nightmare!) and chill on my phone. Nothing I do on my phone while I am at Jane's is anything near 'inappropriate'. I do have a lockable folder with some inappropriate things on there (aka anime and manga that are definitely NOT G rated) but don't touch that folder at all while I'm there. 

Jane comes home at 10pm, checks on the kids, checks out the house and as I'm waiting to be paid, she turns to me and says "before I pay you - I need to look at your phone. I want to make sure that you didn't take photos of my house or my kids or look at anything rude". I ask her whether she means she wants to look at my Iphone's camera roll and she shakes her head. "No, I want to quickly check your facebook, your messages and whatever other apps you have to double check". 

I obviously say 'no' and Jane tells me that she will not be paying me. I call my mother and she quickly comes down. She looks at my phone herself, tells Jane there is nothing on there concerning her and to pay me now please. Jane pays me and informs me I will not be asked back and that she will be telling Kate that I was "not a good babysitter!". My mother replies that she will be also talking to Kate about her choice of 'good friends' and we leave. 

My reason for the post is that Jane made a post on our neighbourhood community page on facebook talking about bad babysitters who couldn't accept the parents 'rules' they had for babysitting and still demanded to be paid - and was offering to "pm" people more details. Someone else screenshotted their conversation where, although she didn't name me, she named the exact situation and Jane got over 100 comments talking about how that was her right as a parent/homeowner/what not to check that her children were not harmed while left with a babysitter and the fact that I refused means I "obviously" did something wrong. AITA?
This happened a couple weeks back. I am 22 and I'm one of very few women in my office at work. It's me, one other engineer, and two ladies in HR and administration. It kinda sucks and I wanna get a new job once my 401k is vested

Otherwise, there are a lot of guys. Like 50 or so. Most of them older guys with families

We had a potluck style party, and I was assigned a dessert. Everyone was asked to bring something. 

I picked up cupcakes from Aldi the night before the party, and thought that was settled. But when I brought them in, a couple people started giving me some shit for not bringing something homemade. Specifically 5 of my male coworkers.

I knew a lot of my coworkers have wives or even daughters who cook for them, like they'll have lunch made every day, and they weren't getting shit said about that

I was like "How many of y'all cooked your own stuff for this? Not your wife, not your daughters, you yourself got in the kitchen and did it? Come on, raise your hands. Anyone at this here table put any work into this themselves??"  and none of them could.

I was like "cool, well I'm single and unless one of you wants to buy me a mail order bride or some shit, don't complain" 

I was being facetious, like I honestly don't think it's cool that they all act entitled to do fuck-all at home, and I would want no part in that life...

But it caused some drama at work, the HR rep got secondhand word that I was comparing people's wife's to mail order brides or something. Stuffs cool now,i explained myself, but it seems like it ruffled some feathers

AITA for how I handled this?The setup: I’ve known this guy for a couple years and we’ve worked together occasionally. We’ve had a couple dates before. We split the bill without any discussion or issue. 

He Snapchats me one day to come over to his place that night and watch a movie he has. I say sure.

I forget the rest of the snapchats, but at some point I replied “pizza and a movie” and he replied “yeah see you soon!” It was just an innocent phrase but I didn’t eat that day and assumed we’d get food together.

I show up and he has the movie. I say “so are we getting food?” 

He says “I already ate. But I’m sure you have apps on your phone if you want something.” Then he leaves to go to the bathroom.

I sit there awkwardly. This guy previously talked about being a men’s rights guy. A normal one, not an incel dickhead. He also mentioned he’s low on cash. But isn’t it just good manners to offer guests in your house food or some shit? If he was too broke I’d obviously be happy to get him something, but that wasn’t the vibe I got since he bragged about a new game he bought. 

He returns and turns on the TV and turns off all the lights. Then he goes into the kitchen, which I assume is to get alcohol. 

I call out casually “what do you got to drink?” 

He calls back “Do you like tap water?”

This is not some red pill bullshit. I know this guy, he’s serious. There’s nothing in his fridge but muscle milk, water, and kale. 

I call out, “Yeah, sure.”

He brings me back a glass of tap water. He winks at me.

I’m starving. I haven’t eaten since 8am. 

I say “Hey, I don’t wanna be weird, but I thought we were getting pizza.” 

He says in a sympathetic tone, “Oh. I see. You must have been confused. YOU mentioned the food, not me. I should have cleared that up, I ate earlier. Sorry if that wasn’t clear. We can still get a pizza if you want. Just pick anywhere nearby and order it.”

This is still kind of shitty to me, but I ignore it and order one large pizza. The pizza shows up. I eat two slices of it. The rest of it sits there the entire movie. He doesn’t offer to contribute the $6 it would cost to split it. He tries to make out with me during the movie. I stop him and feel too weird to be into it. 

After the movie, I decide it would be better just to talk about it rather than feel bad. I tell him my feelings and how he’s weird with money and I’m uncomfortable. He feels bad and gives me $6 right away and thanks me for speaking up. There was no bad intention at all. No red pill, no plan, nothing. Just a dude who didn’t think my pizza was his responsibility. 

Then he asks me to have sex with him.

I decline. Knowing we still have to work together, I manage to tiptoe out the door.

I don’t expect or need people to buy me things, but I think offering houseguests food when you invite them over at dinner time is a sign of good manners. (And then they can offer to split the tab)

AITA?My daughter passed away 6 years ago fighting a rare genetic condition. The condition was also responsible for my late wife's death when my daughter was only an infant. I don't want to discuss anything related to that now. Let me talk about the issue at hand. 

I'm now married to my amazing wife. I have a stepdaughter who will be starting high school shortly. I made a lot of investments for my late daughter. I thought I could give her a head start in life. But that never happened. So I decided to donate the money to a charity ( which helps kids with  genetic disorders ). The investments I made mature in an year and I plan on donating all of it. 

Now my wife wants me to use the money for my stepdaughter. She tells me that this will help her have a head start in life and that would partially fulfill the purpose of the investments. She thinks this will also help us finance her college education. She doesn't want her getting bogged down by loans, which is a sound argument. I love my stepdaughter, but I don't think I'm ready to do this. I want to donate the money. WIBTA here?Many years ago, I was married to man named Mark. 2 years into the marriage, I found out he was cheating on me and got the other woman pregnant. It was a huge blow because I too was pregnant with his child. I was only 9 weeks pregnant and was determined to abort the child and divorce him. He begged me to reconsider, and insisted I give our relationship a second chance, and so I did, albeit reluctantly. 

I had a very unhappy pregnancy and when I was 6 months pregnant, I learned that he never stopped seeing the other woman. He told me that he was torn and that he was in love with both of us. I wasn't willing to tolerate any of that bullshit, so I moved out and filed for divorce. I wanted him to disappear from my life, but being pregnant with his child made things difficult. 

I never bonded with the baby , and the baby being his offspring contributed to the negative emotions that I felt. 

I told him that I didn't want this baby. So when he got together with the other woman, I gave her the choice to adopt the baby, which she did. With that, I officially signed over my parental rights as soon as the girl turned 6 months old (I left the day she was born). When I left, I told Mark that I didn't want anything to do with the girl and the other woman was free to be her mother. 

I moved to another country and tried to leave that part of my life behind. I met a wonderful man and we got married. He knew all about my past and now we have 3 wonderful kids who are 9, 5 and 2 years old. 

Recently, my ex Mark contacted me out of the blue and told me that my biological daughter, who is 14 now, wants to meet me. Apparently, his wife had passed away and before she died, she confessed that she wasn't her biological mother. 

I'm torn. I don't want to meet this kid. It was very difficult for me to leave that part of my life behind. I was depressed for years. I reminded him that I gave up my parental rights years ago and that I wanted nothing to do with both of them. I planned on telling my kids about their half sibling once they were grown and mentally mature, not right now when they are still so little. I told him to never contact me again and hanged up. 

AITA?My son (24M) and his girlfriend (24F) have only been together for 6 months, and she is apparently 4 months pregnant with his baby. They have actually been friends since high school, and so my husband and I have known her for a few years as well. 

She is a lovely girl, but honestly she is not someone I had hoped would be the mother to my first grandchild. First of all, she is a recovering drug addict and alcoholic, and while she says she has been clean for 3 years, a relapse is always possible. She only finished high school with her GED, and she now works as a waitress full time. Her parents died years ago, so she is largely on her own.

Our family is considerably better off, and my son is joining his father's business, meaning his salary will be quite high and will only continue to grow. 

Since my son first told us she is pregnant, it can't escape my mind that he may not really he the father, and that she picked him out of potential others because he would be the "best" in terms of support. 

My son is pushing us to help her with some of her pregnancy expenses, and I told him we would under the condition that she get a paternity test first. He completely blew up at that, accusing us of disliking her (untrue) and not wanting to he grandparents (also untrue). He says he loves her and trusts her and that he can't wait to meet his baby. I get that, but I think he's being idealistic. If he wants our support, we want a paternity test first. If the baby is truly his then we would be happy to welcome her into our family and we would be happy to help her out. AITA?

Edit: there are 7k replies to this post, and over 200 private messages in my inbox that I can't reply to. It's a pretty even mix of YTA and NTA, so clearly the only thing everyone can agree with is that it's complicated. I've gotten messages to kill myself, I've gotten messages calling my son an idiot, and I have gotten messages from the MGTOW subreddit telling me that the girlfriend is clearly a lying sociopath. I have also gotten a lot of messages from men who found out their child wasn't theirs after several years, who wish they had found out sooner. 

It's a lot to read, and a lot to think about. Many people have called out my attitude towards this girl and I'll be honest, it is making me think.Me (31m) & my wife (29f) are very vehemently childfree. We’re not one of those nutters who calls kids crotch fruit or spawn or whatever godforsaken name there is, but it was an agreement that we had very early in the relationship that we wouldn’t have kids.

Now I’ve been putting off getting a vasectomy, I did get one a few weeks ago but I was just procrastinating it which was my fault I guess. However I used condoms and my wife has been on birth control since she was 14, so we were all good. So about 2 weeks before the vasectomy, me and the wife were getting down to business and I realized that I’d ran out of condoms, she reminded me that she’s on birth control so we proceeded with the deed. I go get some
more condoms after, vasectomy happens, and  everything’s all good.

Nope. She’s now six weeks pregnant, I was surprised cause isn’t she supposed to be on birth control? Come to find out that she hasn’t been taking it for at least a few months now. On top of that, she wants to keep the kid which I am very against, she’s very fucking ecstatic which shocked me cause obviously she’s against having kids too. I feel so damn betrayed in this situation, she knows I’m very against kids and not only that but I was a foster child and don’t know anything about my parents so I have no clue what inheritable diseases I may have. 

I really don’t want to have a kid. So much so that I’m thinking of divorcing her if she’s not willing to get rid of it, and to be honest I might divorce her anyways cause of the crap she pulled with the birth control. 

I have told her that I’m against this pregnancy but I haven’t pushed any further than that. Would I be the asshole for possibly divorcing her over this, or asking her to get an abortion?I am a 20 y/o girl. I am in Japan on exchange with some friends of mine. Most of my friend group are women, including a 21 y/o trans woman. She was born a male and started transitioning in her teens. Currently she is pre-op and saving up for gender reassignment surgery. However, you can hardly tell that she used to be a male, save for her voice and height/body frame.

Anyways, yesterday night, a bunch of girls (5 or so) from my classes decided to go to a nearby onsen, or Japanese bath house. Basically, you are expected to get completely naked. Everything is gender segregated. There is a separate men’s section and women’s section.

My friend who is trans also wanted to go. So we all went as a group. Everyone in our group knows that she is trans and pre-op, but I think everyone was uncomfortable talking about the issue of being naked in the bath house. Finally, when we were in the changing rooms, I quietly suggested to her that she should probably wrap a towel around her hips instead of going completely naked.

She asked me why and I told her that many of the bathers would probably be a bit alarmed to see male genitalia in the bath house. She got mad at me and said sarcastically, “Thanks for your concern.” In the end she opted for the towel, but another friend overheard and said I was out of line for suggesting it. They both thought it was none of my business. I explained that not everyone is so accepting of her body and that I’m just trying to protect her from comments, stares, or worse.

They avoided me in the bath house after that although my friend did wear a towel around her waist the whole time. There were some looks but not as bad as if she didn’t wear a towel.

I apologized afterwards to my trans friend and said I meant no disrespect. But she still seemed mad at me and are telling people that I am transphobic, although I do not believe that I am. AITA?I've moved out 3 times so far. Moved away to Cali for a year and a half after highschool, didn't work out, moved back home.

after a few months I got place a couple towns over with 3 roommates. 2 of the roommates left halfway through forcing us to break the lease because we couldn't afford it. moved back home.

Moved out a third time after a couple months, did a year lease with my best friend at an apartment in the same town, then moved back home after because I'm leaving in 5 months to move to Georgia with my current girlfriend and nobody will sign a 5 month lease.

I don't feel great about it, but I'm 23 and for the third time I have been forced to move back in with my parents.

Yesterday I was out shoveling the driveway so it would be done before my parents woke up.

The next door neighbor was out too, and he comes over and asks me how things are going.

He very quickly mentions how I'm too old to still be living with my parents. I'm already embarrassed enough by it as it is, but I know I have solid plans to move out again in 5 months. I didn't think this was worth mentioning to him, as I feel like he has no business caring about his next door neighbor's lives.

I get heated very very quickly because I was honestly taken back by his comment. I stop him mid sentence and mention to him

"doesn't your daughter still live with you? your daughter who's like 35? your daughter, along with her husband and like what? 5? 6 kids? don't they still live here with you?"

he starts yelling that I'm rude to mention that, how it's not the same thing, how they have kids and it's a different circumstance, etc etc etc. 

I'm getting more and more frustrated, it's 7:00 in the morning and I have work in an hr. I decide to just walk away and continue shoveling when I see him start to fucking fling his driveway snow into my driveway! I'm like "DUDE WHAT THE FUCK? ARE YOU 6???"
 
my dad wakes up around this time and sees us outside arguing so he comes out and starts arguing with him himself. I go back inside and get ready for work and here I am after work wondering if I crossed the line by mentioning his daughter. I really don't think I did but it's starting to eat at me a bit.

tl;dr neighbor tells me I'm too old to still live at home so I bring up the fact that his even older daughter and husband still live with him, along with their 5+ children.

edit: I can't possibly read all these comments, but the vast majority have settled my doubts about this situation. I feel kind of awkward right now, didn't really think this one interaction between 2 unknown people was worthy of being read by thousands, but thank you.

Also: my neighbor's house is currently for sale as of a few months ago... if one you kind redditors would like to purchase... no no nevermind haha... unless?My husband over the course of the last couple weeks has been complaining about testicle pain. It started out mild and then got worse and worse to the point where every couple minutes he doubles over in pain. 

I practically begged him to go to the doctor and he kept saying no and insisting that it would go away on its own. It got to the point where he can’t even drive because he loses concentration and would crash. 

Tonight he asked me to go get pain killers and I claimed to not know the kind he likes. He said just get any kind and I insisted he come with me to show me. He begrudgingly agreed and got in the car. He wasn’t paying much attention so I drove to the hospital.

When we got nearby he realized and got incredibly mad and yelled at me saying that I shouldn’t have taken him etc etc. I basically pushed him in and he’s with the doctor now.

I know there’s probably going to be hell to pay after but AITA?

Update: he had appendicitis. I don’t know why he felt it in the testicles, and the doctors didn’t either, but it was appendicitis. I think he was just describing it poorly to me but he insists he felt it in his balls. But thankfully he’s going to be fine. Wasn’t too mad either.My wife and I have one 14 yo adopted daughter, Sarah, which is relevant to the story. We recently found out that she has PCOS, which I'd never heard of before. Part of that is that she has a very large ovarian cyst that requires surgery to remove. The surgery is scheduled and happening soon. Right now, she looks pregnant, which can't be easy on a teenager. 

Between this illness and life in general, Sarah can be... moody and nobody in life is immune to fits of anger. Today at church, some woman decided that Sarah was in fact pregnant, and that it was her CHANCE at a free baby. Sarah went off on her, calling her a "barren bitch", among other things, and causing a major scene that left that woman sobbing. 

My wife thinks that Sarah has anger issues, and that we should punish her for not being sensitive. I don't agree.

First off, why is that woman entitled to say anything if Sarah WAS pregnant? Infertility doesn't make you exempt from social norms. I recognize that my wife and that woman have suffered, but they don't get to just do whatever. With her medical problems, Sarah will probably be infertile herself, which I think puts her on par on that point. Secondly, Sarah lashed out in a rage due to mental and physical pain while provoked by an outrageous encounter. I don't know that that's the same as having "anger issues" or a personality problem. I've had physical fights over less. Maybe that nosy woman needed to learn a lesson, and did.

AITA for letting our daughter get off scot free?

Ninja edit: Sarah will have to be on oral birth control for her entire life, and may actually lose at least one ovary in this surgery. I'd say she qualifies for infertility on those grounds. I don't know how it wouldn't.I’m a small business owner and I had to let one of my employees go today. 

I called him in and began to explain that he was being let go and why, and he stops me and goes on a bit of tirade, you know, “I’m the one who makes this place run. I’m the last guy who should be getting fired.” And I was sitting, letting him get it out of his system. Then he says: 

“And what’s more, you can’t fire me. You can’t fire someone who doesn’t work here. *I*. *QUIT*.” So I seized the moment and said “You’re quitting?” 

And this is the PG version but basically he said  “You’re damn right I am!” And I said “So you’re resigning your post, you are choosing to not work here anymore, you are leaving your job?” 

He said yes, he said a few other things, he left. I processed his removal as though he’d quit. I no longer had to pay him severance of any kind. 

Now I feel a bit badly. Because I know getting fired is tough and you sometimes react off the cuff, I’ve been there. 

But he did go on a loud, insulting, profanity laced tirade making statements against me and his coworkers and our clients, and most importantly, he really he did quit. 

Am I the asshole for letting him quit instead of giving him the benefits he would have been entitled to if he were fired?Throwaway because my sister knows my Reddit. 

I’m getting married next year and I’m so excited about it. My fiancé has all his groomsmen picked out, and I’m in the process of asking my bridesmaids. I’d also have liked to include my twin cousins E and A in the bridal party, as we were always so close growing up. A is a guy and lives a few hours away. E is FTM, which I’m sad to say plays a major role in this AITA. 

I drove out two weeks ago to visit A and ask if he’d be willing to be a part of the bridal party. I put together a box of goodies, and a card that said “Will you be a part of my Bride Tribe?”, deliberately not trying to use the word bridesmaid. He was excited and we talked a little bit about expectations/plans for how his and E’s ties/pocket squares would match the bridesmaid dresses. I specifically asked him not to mention anything to E because I wanted it to be a surprise.

Fast forward to this weekend and I meet E for lunch. I give him the same little box of goodies with the same card. E’s reaction didn’t go as I expected. He got really angry, accusing me of wanting to “fit him back into a feminine bridesmaid mold” despite his transition. I tried to explain that I’d picture him and his brother wearing color coordinated suits, but I didn’t get the chance because he kept talking over me. I feel like he went off the deep end. He called me bigoted, asked why I wanted him to support a wedding that would only end in a divorce, called me “basic” and adhering to stupid sexist traditions. He left without giving me a chance to really explain.

I guess today E finally calmed down and talked to his brother who must have explained because he sent me a text message apologizing and saying he’d be in the bridal party. I drafted a text message saying basically that while he’s still invited to the wedding, given his feelings towards me, it’s best if he isn’t a part of the bridal party. My fiancé says I should do whatever makes me comfortable, but my mom seems to think I’m being to harsh on E and should have seen this misunderstanding coming. She says I should be more understanding, considering the abuse/discrimination he must face. She says I should give E a second chance and if I don’t it will cause all kinds of family drama.

Would I be the asshole if I refuse to let him be a part of the wedding party?

ETA: 
Wow, I cannot believe how much this blew up. So I’m going to clarify a few things here in hopes that it addresses your questions.

E sent me a text apologizing. His apology was for “snapping at me”. He admitted he was wrong and it was “totally out of line” and now that he talked to A he knows what I meant and would be in the wedding party “if I’d have him”. Nothing specific was mentioned, and I haven’t sent any response yet. 

A also did call me this evening, but I was out to dinner and missed his call. I called him back but right now we seem to be playing phone tag.

ALSO, E is a man. He uses the pronouns he/his/him. Just because he may have been an asshole/acted out of anger does not give ANYONE license to misgender him. If you want me to take you seriously, use the correct pronouns for E.Just to preface, my husband's brother has two kids, and his parents babysit them at least 3 days a week. I feel like this has kind of set the expectation for frequency of visits with grandparents. 

I just had a baby on July 10th, and my husband's mom has been over to visit us 5 times since then. I know she means well, but it's very stressful to have a newborn and to feel like I have to entertain also. It would be different if she was offering to help with something (not that I expect that of visitors, but people visiting new parents usually at least offer). She also seems to conveniently always come while he's napping (he naps for 2+ hours at a time at this point), and she leaves once he starts getting a little fussy, which is frustrating because any rest or chores I could get in while he's asleep don't get done. 

She texted me yesterday asking to come for a visit today. This is the first week my husband is back at work full time, and I'm trying to get in the groove of a new routine. I wrote her back and told her that I'm really not up for visitors this week because I'm getting settled in, and she freaked out and texted my husband asking what she did to offend me. She hasn't talked to me since yesterday after I wrote her, and she basically implied to my husband that we're being selfish keeping her grandson away from her. AITA here?I (20M) live in a flat with 5 others at university. There is one girl (20F), who's a bit of a...problem

She always brings guys back and has loud audible sex with them. Very loud. And it annoys all of us, we have early starts in the morning and well tell her to keep it down but she doesn't listen. We told security and they didn't do shit.

So we also all have exams soon and essay deadlines. And yesterday, she does it AGAIN, brings a guy back and starts having loud sex. We're all awake on this and post on the flat chat (but she wasn't going to see it anyway until after she was done having sex).

I have an early start and had to be somewhere by 7am and it was 2am while this was happening.

I had had enough. I banged on her door and she wouldn't open it. I bang again and she doesn't open. So I try to open it and...it's unlocked, they must have forgotten to lock it given that they came back drunk.

So I walk in and see them having sex. They both quickly see me and freak out. She says to me ''What the fuck?!!'' but I look over to the guy, the guy was a bit short and really skinny, there's no way in hell he would be a threat to me and he looked way more nervous than she does. 

She keeps saying ''What the fuck?!! Get out!!'' and I say to her ''I've had enough of your fucking shit. We've all had enough of your fucking shit, you piece of shit. We're trying to sleep''. 

The guy is standing there awkwardly so I tell him ''Get the fuck out'' and he doesn't do anything just stands there awkwardly, so I tell him ''I'll fucking call security, and I've got 4 other flatmates to back me up, our words against yours so get the fuck out!!'' and he gets his clothes on and runs out the flat. 

So the ''problem'' girl starts crying and I tell her that she needs to sort her life out, I then to say to her ''Please leave this flat, move out. No one here fucking likes you, not even that guy you just fucked likes you enough to stay'' and she screams at me and calls me fucking cunt and asshole.

I then leave and go to back to my room. I told the others what happened and they agreed with me, there's nothing else I could have done. In fact they THANKED me, at least we could get to sleep and now we sent her a message, AITA?

**To those saying that the other flatmates are all guys, that's NOT true. Aside from the bitch, there are two girls, and the rest guy.**

**To the people telling me that I should have spoken nicely to her, I SAID IN THE FIRST FEW PARAGRAPHS I ALREADY DID THIS. Me and the other flatmates asked her nicely to stop on several occasions and she didn't follow through. What she did was say ''Okay'' and then continue to do the same shit. I'm writing this as a clarification for those comments.**My sister has been vegan for many years and she is also raising her son vegan. He has been vegan since birth. My nephew and son attend the same school so I pick them up from school everyday. My nephew has snacks + dinner at my house every weekday before his mom comes to pick him up. 

I usually make a dish for my family and a separate vegan dish for my nephew. A couple of months ago I left them with their homework and snacks and went to do some chores, came back and found nephew & son sharing chicken nuggets. I provided him with vegan snacks but he still ate the chicken nuggets. I told him those weren't vegan and he told me he that he eats meat in school sometimes. His friends share their meals with him sometimes. I thought about telling my sister but decided not to. 

So basically I continue to give him vegan options but don't say anything if he chooses the non vegan option. Usually he goes for the non vegan one. Maybe because because he never gets to at home. I know my sister would freak out if she knows he's eating meat. She's staunchly vegan and eating animal products goes against her ethical beliefs which I completely understand and respect. My husband thinks IATA for not telling her and being dishonest, but I think nephew is old enough to make his own dietary choices (he's 10 this year). 

So, AITA? Should I tell my sister what's going on?  I love my boyfriend to death, but we have reached an impasse. I moved into my current house last year after I got a dog, specifically because I wanted her to have a huge backyard to roam around in. I bought her doggy door, and she loved it A few months later my boyfriend moved in from his apartment (though he still has the apartment) and was excited about the backyard because he always wanted chickens. He eventually bought 4 chickens and at first he kept them in an extra large dog cage, but let them free roam for most of the day. That was until we realized that my dog likes to chew there feathers off. So then the chickens had monitored outside time. Then he decided that that wasn't fair to the chickens, and now won't let my dog have free access outside. He keeps her locked in her cage all day when I'm not home, and if she does need to go outside, he makes her put a muzzle on. She can no longer go outside and play with her toys, and my house is way too small for her to have room to play. He's even started scolding me even when I let her walk around inside without the muzzle inside, because he says if I'm not paying attention she might sneak outside and hurt the chickens.

&#x200B;

It's starting to piss me off because the backyard was for her. He doesn't even pay rent on my house. He refuses to make a properly gated area in the yard, even though there's plenty of room. When I remind him that my dog has a right to freedom in my house, he just reminds me on how bad the chickens look after she was done chewing them up. When I suggested him getting rid of the chickens, he says we can't because of all the missing feathers.

&#x200B;

At this point I think the only thing I can do is to ask him to leave, and take his chickens. I know he lives in an apartment, but at this point, that's his problem. WIBTA if I asked him to move out?

&#x200B;

EDIT: Okay, wow, I got way more responses then I ever dreamed of. I've been trying to read through them all. I feel like despite most saying I would N be TA. I think I agree with the people saying that kicking him out is too extreme. My birthday is next week, I think I'm going to ask if we could build some sort of containment for the chickens for it. Also, yes I know I am a human doormat. Been my whole life, I'm working through it in therapy.Throwaway because I'm gonna reveal some medical info and some IRL people know my main account.

Wife had a C Section about 3 months ago. She was prescribed Norco (Hydrocodone) for the pain. We filled the prescription (20 pills) and then she never took it. She used Motrin and Tylenol only. The pill bottle went into the medicine cabinet in the bathroom where we forgot about it.

Fast forward to Christmas Day. We don't want to take an infant around to all our families gatherings in flu season, so we stayed home and invited anyone over who wanted to stop by during the day.

My wife's sister (so my SIL) Jane and her boyfriend Bob came by. Jane and Bob have been dating for a few months. I never met the guy before. My wife met him once. My point is that I don't know this dude from Adam, but he seemed like a nice guy. They stayed for a while, played with the baby, exchanged some presents, and we all had a good time before they left to go to their next stop.

A few days later, Jane calls my wife irate and screaming. Bob stole the Norco. He is apparently a recovering addict who has been clean less than a year. We obviously didn't know this. He has now vanished. His work hasn't heard from him, his parents haven't heard from him, and Jane hasn't heard from him. He could be on a bender or dead for all we know. Jane went to his apartment when he wasn't responding to her and that's when she found the empty pill bottle with my wife's name on it and called us screaming.

SIL blames us and is beyond pissed, which I can understand. She needs an outlet for her anger. What I don't understand is about half the family blames us too. They understand we didn't know about Bob's addiction history, but they said having unused narcotic medication just sitting around is irresponsible and we created this problem. It's causing a bit of a rift between the people blaming us and those not blaming us, and we (and my mother and father-in law) are caught in the middle because SIL has been on a rampage against us for "destroying her life."

I'm trying to be empathetic to Bob and SIL, but I don't agree. First, we legitimately forgot about it. Neither of us take medication regularly, and we had a newborn to deal with, so we weren't thinking about a bottle of pills in the corner of the medicine cabinet. Second, Bob didn't know the pills were unused. We don't know him and he doesn't know us. For all he knew, my wife could have a chronic condition and need those pills. It's not like he would recognize the prescribing doctor's name is an obstetrician. Am I not allowed to have medicine in my own house on the off chance that a recovering addict will come by and see it? 

I think Bob is firmly the asshole here and my wife and I don't have any responsibility. If we had known he was an addict and still left the pills out, then maybe, but we didn't know.

But, I don't have any experience with addiction or even taking narcotic pain meds, so maybe I am the asshole for not being more diligent about getting rid of the pills. 

AITA?

EDIT: Thanks all. 

I'm glad my initial reaction wasn't off base. For those asking how anyone could blame us, scroll down to the ESH verdicts because a few posters have nailed the exact things some of the family is saying. Not so much that it's our fault Bob stole the pills, but that we are "part of the problem" that has allowed the opioid crises by not securing or disposing of the pills.This is a throwaway account.

&#x200B;

For background, I (22F) am very petite, fit, and just by looking at me one would not guess I have a physical disability. 2 weeks ago, I had surgery with incisions on my spine and one butt cheek making walking more difficult temporarily. Though, I have a handicap placard not just because I had surgery, but for the overall problem that me to be unable to walk long distances.

I’m not asking AITA for refusing to give up my spot, but because of what I said. My brother thinks I went too far, but I think I afforded the woman the same amount of respect she gave me.

&#x200B;

I was going out to dinner with my brother (passenger seat.) I pulled into one of 4 handicap spots in front of a restaurant and the woman (late 60s) in the car to my right immediately opened her door to block my brother from getting out. We waited a few seconds, and it became clear this was intentional. I got out of the car and asked her if she would close her door.

&#x200B;

The woman immediately started berating me, saying I had no right to use the handicap spot as other people “that actually need it” would be unable to park. Apparently, I am young and skinny enough to suck it up (though she doesn’t know what my disability is) and deal with parking far away. She called me an entitled brat and accused me of “scamming the government to support \[my\] lazy ass,” among other things. I told her a doctor saw fit I get a handicap placard, and when she said I look “fine” I told her that my medical history is none of her business. She continued to insult me, even calling me a lazy bitch at one point, and refused to close her door.

&#x200B;

I eventually had enough and let her have it. I told her something along the lines of, maybe if you didn’t eat yourself into debilitating obesity others ‘that actually need it’ would be able to use your spot. She tried to respond by saying her weight was due to medical issues, to which I cut her off to say if she’s going to make assumptions about me I will do the same. I called her a miserable old bitter bitch and told her at her big old age she should have learned to mind her business. She threatened to call the police on me for reasons she was unable to verbalize and I told her to go ahead and pointed to the restaurant we were going to and told her to send them in.

&#x200B;

When my brother heard this he finally crawled out of the driver's side. He said something like calm down and let's go inside, and I said that sounds like a great idea if the nosy bitch will leave us alone, but she seems too fat to follow up with the police and bring them inside. Then we walked away with her still yelling things at me with her door open. She either didn’t call the police or they refused to come.

&#x200B;

I know what I said was harsh but I’m pretty tired of people making assumptions about my pain and telling me about my pain. Maybe I should regret it, but I don’t have an ounce of remorse for what I said. AITA?Link to the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/aja1al/aita_for_getting_upset_with_my_girlfriend_because/

So the general consensus was that I was being a raging asshole, though a few thought I was just ignorant. It's been a while since I made that post, and my own conclusion is that I am probably both.

I've done a LOT of thinking about my behavior that week and I've realized a lot of things. This isn't something that I wrote in my original post because it was off topic and sounded like I was just making excuses for myself, but my dad had passed away earlier that week and I had been in a terrible mood. I wasn't acting like myself at all. Instead of coping in a healthy way, I'd been looking to my girlfriend for a pick-me-up and unfairly blaming her when she failed to deliver (for a reason completely out of her control).

The date wasn't really for her, it was for ME, and that's what I'd been trying to avoid thinking about. I was behaving very selfishly and trying to convince myself that I was just upset because this problem had happened before. The truth was, her period getting in the way of dates had never really bothered me before this time around. I was just looking for reasons to justify my own anger.

That was extremely immature of me, to say the least.

I apologized to my girlfriend and, because she's an angel, she accepted the apology. Because of the comments suggesting she may have a medical problem I asked her if she had PCOS or endometris, and surprisingly enough, she said that she had never been examined for either.

We went to have her examined and it turns out that she has PCOS, which essentially means she has cysts in her ovaries, which explains the irregular periods and extreme pain during them. So yeah, I felt horribly guilty about blaming her for that. Luckily she has not seen some of the other symptoms of it (weight gain and hair growth) but she is pretty worried that they will appear. She'll be getting regular treatment from now on so I'm hopeful that she will see some relief soon.

TLDR; I was being an ass because of my bad mood and it turns out my girlfriend has PCOS. Thankfully she forgave me and we are back to our normal, loving selves. Thanks for the help, Reddit.Two years ago I (21F) married a Korean man (27M) we have been together for four years, and if I have to be honest my family never liked him because he's Asian. They (my mother and my siblings) used to make fun of his eyes, and they even made fun of his height, he's really tall and for them "real" Asians can't be tall.

Last year I got pregnant and they were "happy" because my daughter is the first grandchild. Well, now my daughter is three weeks old and my family didn't want to come to meet her because my sister, who decided to get pregnant after knowing that I was pregnant, doesn't want them to come to visit me and my husband because she thinks my husband is "infected", she is obsessed with the virus that is affecting many people lately (the virus that started in China)
My mother avoided my texts for weeks and when I sent her pictures of my daughter she didn't even answer me. And one of my sisters even made fun of my daughter's eyes, I sent her a picture of her and she said "oh she has *chinky eyes* like *my husband's first name*" I tried to ignore that kind of comments but I had enough.


Yesterday they decided that they wanted to come to meet our daughter so they showed up at my house with gifts for her but I didn't open the door and when she called me to tell me that they were outside I said that we only accept visits from family members and that they are no longer my family, and my mom "cried" and told me that she has the right to meet her first granddaughter that I was being cruel but I told her to shut the fuck up and I hung up the phone.
Today my sister (the one who said that my daughter has chinky eyes) sent me a text saying that she is very sorry and that she wants to meet my daughter but I told her not to contact me anymore because for me they are dead and I blocked all my "family" from everywhere. 

AITA for telling them that?
 So my bf and I have been together a year. We had an instant connection from the beginning but took 4 months to actually date (in total we’ve been involved for 16mths). We talk all the time about having children and marriage when I’m done with school/when he’s paid off all his student loans from university.

When talking about the future of kids, he’s said many many times he’d rather have a boy than a girl. Everyone has preference, it’s fine. 

So last night watching a movie about a family w multiple kids, I jokingly said he would love our kids more than he loves me. (I think that’s normal to love kids more than spouse sometimes, and it was a complete joke I didn’t think he’d even respond to.)

He got a serious tone and said “if it’s a boy I will, not if it’s a girl”.

I told him that if he has that deep rooted resentment towards women and is that sexist in a way, we shouldn’t have kids as that’s not the proper mindset to have nor should gender decide how much you love them. 

He said it’s rude I’d tell him that I don’t want to have his kids now and that his mindset is normal and many men love their sons more than daughters.

To me, his mindset/ability to only love a boy that much feels like he thinks the opposite sex (women) are lesser compared to men. I’m not easily offended, but this seems like if he had a son he’d raise it the same way, which is concerning

UPDATE; thank you SO MUCH to everyone who commented with experiences, opinions, and different viewpoints than mine! I was NOT expecting this to blow up how it did. 

For those that came to the conclusion I wanted to be told I’m right, I didn’t make this post to be told I’m NOT the asshole, he genuinely made me feel like a nut case for having an issue with his beliefs. I felt guilty for not wanting his children. 

I talked to him and told him that I can’t be in a relationship with someone who I can’t have kids with and that I feel doesn’t respect me simply bc I have a vagina. He said he was kidding and I’m being too sensitive and I didn’t understand him (lol). Once he thought I was serious he said he would chanfe. I educated him on why his viewpoint is sexist and hope he changes to be a better man for someone else. 

I believe he loved me and we were meant to be together for some period of time but we weren’t compatible when it came to our views on topics like what I posted about. He took it well but was in disbelief I was “overreacting so much”. His idea of this came from his father and growing up he was told women are inferior and having boys is ideal. He said with the break up he’d be going to stay in Pennsylvania with his father for a bit, for anyone worried about what could happen after. 

Yes there’s a possibility his mindset could change, but I’m not willing to train a 26 y/o to see my worth as a woman. This is a huge deal breaker for me. 

I’m heartbroken and so sad as this is the person I’m in love with, HOWEVER, life will go on and I’m better off without someone that doesn’t see me (or our potential babies) as en equal bc of my gender. Thanks everyone!

UPDATE UPDATE- please don’t message me about my opinion of men and women being equal being wrong. You won’t change it. I’m getting very nasty messages for leaving this person, but it was my choice. After thinking back to other instances he overall DID see me as inferior and was sexist, I just didn’t think much into these things bc he was good to me. Gonna say again, this man loved me I know, but if you do not see someone as your equal you can’t love them fully (which he’s given an example of by saying this about potential daughter).UPDATE: First off I want to say thank you for all the lovely comments, and for people taking the time to weigh in! I tried to keep up with them all and I just couldn’t, so I’m so sorry if I couldn’t get to your comment! 

Just to be very clear, I was not asking if I am asshole for standing up for my friend, I stand by my actions 100%. I am trying to figure out if I should have done more to convince my parents to come rather than simply accepting they won’t be there. 

I am going to take the advice many of you have suggested and have another sit down with my parents and reiterate my feelings. I will be firm with them and remind them that they are welcome to come but that if they do I expect them to be kind and courteous to all!


I will do an update when I speak to them, thank you again reddit x

____________________

I (28F) am marrying my fiancé (32M) in March.

I was in my parents home recently and I was telling them about our wedding party, which is going to include a male friend of mine as a groomsman. For some background. This male friend, we’ll call him Stephen, went to high school with me and is a post op trans man. My fiancé said he’d love to have Stephen as a groomsman, and i asked Stephen and he was delighted!

Then, I told my parents, and they were like “oh we didn’t realise she (yep, she) was going to be actually in the wedding. She’ll be in all the photographs, we don’t think that’s appropriate”  So I was obviously instantly mad.They then said that they weren’t going to be comfortable attending and being in all the photographs with her (yep, her again), and that I would need to remove Stephen from the wedding party if I wanted them to come to the wedding. 

So I basically told them that if they weren’t comfortable they didn’t have to come. I left, came home and immediately transferred them the money for the wedding dress. I then get a phone call from my mother telling me that they will pay for the whole wedding if I remove Stephen. Basically bribing us. I just told her I needed space and I hung up.

That was 3 days ago and I haven’t spoken to them. I’m shocked because they have never spoken ill of Stephen before,! I’m upset that they would show so little respect to someone who is so important to me. I am also upset that they have so little respect for me that they think I would turn my back on a lifelong friend for money.

I don’t know if I should speak to them in a few days when everything has calmed down, or if I should leave it to them. A few people I’ve spoken to have said I’m being a bit of an asshole because they’re my parents, and they have a right to an opinion even if it’s something I don’t agree with. That I’ll regret them not being at my wedding and that realistically it will ruin our relationship. I’ve had aunts and uncles calling me saying that this will tear our family apart and I’m being selfish. A cousin texted me to say that I’m choosing friends over family and that she and her parents won’t be attending if my parents aren’t, and the same for other members of the family. So it’s basically blew up into this huge deal where a good portion of my family will likely not attend either! 

My view is that I don’t think it’s selfish to want to celebrate my day with everyone I love. I feel like the ball is in their court and they have the choice to come or allow their bigotry to stop them attending their only childs wedding! 

Also to be clear I am 100% not removing Stephen from my wedding or taking the money, I’m not considering either option (my fiancé is in full agreement). But I just want to know if I’m the asshole for so easily accepting that my parents (and by default a lot of my family) won’t be coming to my wedding?This just happened at lunch earlier and my one friend is telling me I went too far and making me second guess myself.  

There’s this girl who is sort of part of my group of friends, but not really.  She eats lunch with us and hangs around before classes start, but that’s it.  None of us hang out with her outside of school.  Mostly because she’s very insulting, all the time.  It’s seriously like she doesn’t know how to have a conversation without shitting on someone.  She just says “I’m just being honest” a lot. The problem is that she can’t take a joke herself.  Even polite criticism pisses her off A LOT and makes shit super awkward.  My friends and I have talked about her and all of us are really sick of her, but no one has wanted to say anything because she blows stuff way out of proportion when it’s about her.  

Today at lunch though I had enough.  She was shit talking one of my friends for being really skinny.  “Are you sure you’re not trans?  I’ve never heard of a guy being anorexic.”  And then, “It’s not attractive. Just being honest.”   So I said, “You’re not just being honest, you’re being a bitch.”  She asked me what my problem was, that she was just kidding.  And I was like, “No one thinks you’re funny.  The only thing that’s funny is that you of all people think you can talk shit about how other people look.  Take a look at yourself.”  

No one else was saying anything. She got mad and told me to go fuck myself and got up and left.  I was feeling pretty good about the whole thing, but my one friend told me I went too far with her and should try to talk to her tomorrow.  I (18f) have a 2 year old daughter who lives with me and her father (18m), but spends two daytimes a week with my mom so that I can run errands (such as going to the doctors, doing the food shopping, cleaning the house, etc) and because my mom loves to spend time with my daughter. 

My 27 year old sister was visiting my mom's house for the week from out of town. My sister and I have never really got on, when I got pregnant she thought it was the worst thing ever, and insists that children ruin your life and thinks I force my daughter on my mom (despite my mom saying otherwise). So, when I went to drop my daughter off with my mother at around 11am like usual, I was shocked to find my sister there alone. I asked her where my mom was, and she said my mother had gone to the shop and would be home within a few minutes. 

My sister has always been very dismissive of me, she hates talking to me and will do anything to shorten the conversation, which is why I think this happened. I huffed because I was catching the bus into town to go the doctors, and it left in a few minutes. My sister rolled her eyes. I asked her if there's any way she would have my daughter for a few minutes just until mom came back, she had just woken up from a nap (she always sleeps in her stroller) so she would be happy to just sit on the sofa and watch TV until mom came back. My sister said 'absolutely not, I hate children and I don't feel comfortable being alone with her'. 

Now, I completely understood this and I think she was very clear in saying she didn't want to. I called mom on the doorstep and she said she was just leaving the store now, so she would be max five minutes. My sister rolled her eyes and said 'Fine, I'll take her', and she took the baby out of the stroller. I was in a rush and thought my sister would be able to cope for five minutes. I didn't even think it would be a matter of 'coping' because it was such a short amount of time and the kid was tired.

So I left, and went for the bus. Literally five minutes later I get a call from my mom that they're taking my kid to the ER because she cracked her head open on the living room table. Apparently my sister had left the room for a couple minutes and my daughter wondered where she was going as she is never alone, so she tried to get off the sofa to follow her, and she slipped and whacked her head. 

I am absolutely raging at my sister. I don't get how she could be so fucking stupid to leave a kid alone. She argues that I 'emotionally manipulated' her into babysitting, which I feel I didn't. She says she thought it would be fine to leave the kid while she made a cup of coffee, but I feel like it's common fucking sense not to leave a kid on their own for more than like two seconds.

AITA?Using throwaway 


So as the title suggests, I'm currently in the process of adopting my stepdaughter.



Me and her mom have been married a year and the daughter was the product of a horribly abusive ex-husband. This abuser was still in their lives when we were dating and I used lawyers and the courts to slowly push him out where he has no control over their lives and he is starting to give up fighting the adoption because I'm set to win in a few months.



Now because of personal issues of our own, my wife has just told me that she wants to file for divorce, but that she wants to wait until after I adopt our kid.



When I told her that I was afraid of adopting our daughter because of the child support I'll have to pay and not being a family anymore (which is why I wanted to in the first place) she had a full panic attack and accused me of leaving her in her abuser's control.



For info, the daughter is 5 and calls me dad.



So reddit, WIBTA if I told my lawyer to stop the adoption process if I knew my wife was going to leave me after?


Edit: Wow this really blew up. To give answers to some repeated questions/comments:

Yes I know the ex-husband is abusive for a fact, no this is not about the money her panic attack was about the control her ex has, and I will not even entertain the idea of suing for full custody myself.


Edit 2: Went out for a few drinks because I needed them because of all of this. 


Wife had just been diagnosed with some mental struggles and her therapist urged her to allow the meds to take effect before she made a major life decision.


I was originally leaning towards adoption because I love that little girl and we get along almost better than her and her mom but after reading the almost 2400 comments at this point and roughly 200-300 pms I've decided to talk to a lawyer when I get home to make an informed decision.Throwaway due to the specificity of the details. 

My MIL has offered to provide childcare for my son, her grandson, for one year (from approx. 5 months of age until 17 months).  The stipulation is that my wife and I provide her with an apartment in which she will live for those 12 months.  I've offered our home up to her, but she refused and stated that she would like an apartment in order to have her own space.  

We live in a fairly particular part of Pennsylvania where the winters can be fairly severe and the summers equally so.  I just don't see the necessity of paying our mortgage and a monthly rent on someone else's apartment. When adding up the cost of the apartment, the probable utilities payments, and whatever outings she decides to take my son on, it seems very likely that this arrangement would be either close to or more expensive than the cost of a legitimate and licensed childcare business, of which we have several reputable options nearby.  

My wife and I disagree on the matter.  She wants to provide her mother with the apartment, I would like to again offer up our home before most likely ending up saying "Thanks, but no thanks."  

Am I the asshole?I meal prep my husbands breakfasts and lunches in those little black plastic, compartmented containers.

An ongoing argument is that he leaves the sealed containers at work (he's a mechanic in a shop) for several days, bringing home a stack of 10 hot, sealed, dirty containers that he piles on the counter or in the sink. I have asked him to bring them home every day, he forgets. I ask him to rinse them out at work. He forgets/cant/wont. I ask him to please take the lids off so the reek doesnt just keep getting worse. He cracks the lids open kinda on a few. Theres juice or bits of food baking in the heat from everything like eggs and sausage to ground beef to mashed potatoes. 

It's "gag a maggot" level when you open them, to the point theres pressure building in the containers so you get whooooshed in the face with hot garbage air. 

I told him to wash his own. That's how i wound up with 50+ containers taking up every inch of my kitchen because "i dont have time to do dishes every day. If i have to wash dishes you just have to wait until saturday." 

So i told him, "Fine. I cook 100% of the meals in those containers. I make the list to buy the food and i deal with the shopping. Im the only one washing them. So if you cant use any of the options i gave you to keep them from rotting in a hot shop, im throwing them in the trash every time i find a sealed one." 

He evidently didnt believe me because last night when he took out the trash, most of the bag was full of containers, some with utensils still in them. He freaked out and said we cant afford to replace all of it and i told him to remember thats what we tell our three year old about not scratching his movies because he wont have movies if he ruins them. 

And the three year old learned. 

So hes pissed that i threw away the containers and he is eating steak and mashed potatoes with one of the toddlers mini forks out of a ziplock bag today.

AITA?Yesterday a mutual friend came over and gave her a gift of a Toblerone from his holiday in Switzerland. She agreed I could have some so I did. She's out for a for days and my temptation got the best of me, so I ate the rest of an almost full packet.

She has a habit of leaving food out to spoil, so I assumed it was all good to eat, but she sent me a message to make sure that there's some of the chocolate left for her. Fuck, it was already gone, so I've just rushed to the shop to get a new one in expectance that I'm a dead man when she gets back. 

She once flipped out at me for eating her year old decorative pasta, so I'm not taking chances.

Toblerone is replaced - with even more than there was previously. Not sure if I should put it in the Swiss packaging or apologize and just tell her that I bought I new one. For now I'm keeping quiet, like a parent discovering the dead goldfish and doing the ol' switcheroo. I'm in the UK btw, so the recipe is exactly the same as the one's in Switzerland.

AITA?

Also, she religiously reads this sub, so if she comes across this - G, I love you and I hope you forgive me like you did with the pasta.



Edit: she fuuucking saw the post and replied! but seriously, never again. ❤️

https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/df8i1a/aita_for_eating_my_all_of_wifes_toblerone_then/f32i9g7?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=shareMy daughter (28) has gotten into DPS and fostering, she has had her own child biologically but now plans to foster and adopt children. She has been fostering this 8MO for a month now and it's been a week-by-week process with the judge and bio family while they "sort out" their lives/issues that causes them to lose custody. Although it appears they don't care, aren't showing up to court or meetings, failing exams, etc., so who knows where that will go. My daughter hopes to keep Foster Child. 

I am planning our first professional family photo in decades and am buying customized matching shirts; when I asked to confirm the size of Bio Child, she asked me about Foster Child. I told her I didn't think to include her because she's Foster and therefore may be temporary and it may be weird to have her in a family photo. She said all grandchildren should be included. My thought process is, she isn't really her kid and therefore really isn't my grandchild. That would change if she were adopted, but she isn't yet. 

She went off on me and hung up and I am sitting here feeling horrible. I did not mean I do not care for the child, she's wonderful, but I thought I had a clear thought process? 

AITA?

Edit: I do care about this child, I'm not trying to exclude her purposely or out of spite. I just feel weird including her in our photo when /legally/ she is someone else's child still.

Final edit: I accept judgment and I commented on the person's comment that made me realize why I am in the wrong. They were to the point and just made it a simple question and I understood. 

I feel the need to say that a large majority of my concern is precisely from a *legal standpoint*. I did not feel comfortable claiming this child as ours when, although her parents are being irresponsible, they are still claiming to want her back and have been in contact with the foster child's case managers (even if they're not doing what they should be as far as taking the right steps to getting custody back). Maybe I should have expanded on that in my original post; if so, I apologize. 

Accusations of me not caring and neglecting the child or making her feel unwelcome were..a tad bit much. I am not a heartless monster who rejects anybody who is not blood - I'm an old lady who is confused on the customs and socially acceptable behavior of a new thing (foster system) in our lives and didn't know how to act or react. 

My daughter and I called her case manager and the photo idea including FC has been shut down anyway (legalities of our state), so we are going to postpone to see if she ends up adopting FC or not to be able to include my new grandchild in the family portrait.

Thanks to everyone who kindly explained to me why I was in the wrong.

Another edit: I accept judgment as I said about my actions... but I stand by my matching flannel idea. You should try a cheesy matching shirt photo, they're goofy memories to look back on.my mother in law is a horrible person who loves to create drama whenever she can. 

last Christmas we got both of our kids different gifts as one was a 13 year old girl and one is a 10 year old boy. 
my mil (mother in law) decided to tell my daughter that she didn't get as many gifts as my brother and that we spent less on her. 
basically trying to get our daughter to believe that we loved her less. 
we then had to deal with a crying 13 year old on Christmas. 

she has also brought super expensive gifts for people specifically to upstage everyone, she will even make a point of mentioning how much it is in front of people. 

she called up to ask what we will be doing for Christmas as it's our turn, I mentioned that me and my wife want to have a potluck at our place. 
she then proceeded to explain to me how we shouldn't let some family members cook certain food because of some instances where they fucked up and ruined the dish (this is all completely false information that she is mentioning to try and start some more family drama)

I then decided to put my foot down and told my wife that I do not want her at our house starting drama on Christmas and that her phone call was the last straw. 

wife is completely against it and thinks I'm being incredibly cruel to her mum, and doesn't want to exclude her.

EDI.

I have tried to talk to her and she doesn't care.My husband and I have been trying for pregnancy for years now, and to cut a long story short it seems as though it will never be a possibility. It took a long time to come to terms with but we've gradually got there. Our entire family is aware of the journey we've been on and how much it meant to us. With that in mind, my husband and I came to his sister (Sarah) with a proposal.

Sarah is in her early 30s, unmarried, and vocally against having children of her own. Despite this we thought she might be open to the idea of a surrogate pregnancy on our behalf given she would not have to be involved in raising the child personally. My husband is extremely close to his family and the idea of the entire process of surrogacy being contained to his blood felt extremely important to him. With that closeness in mind, we did not feel it was out of order to ask this sort of question.

We invited Sarah over for dinner and at the end of it laid out our request. We told her we had been saving over the years and would be willing to pay her as much as a regular surrogate would be paid (a pretty hefty fee so she would be able to take time off from work if it was required), help her out with everything she needed, plus we had no expectations that she must help raise the child just because she carried it. We told her why it was important to us and how much it'd mean, and asked her to have an open mind about it.

Sarah exploded at us. She said we were both out of our minds for making such a request, extremely selfish, and that we had no respect for her disinterest in children. She actually left early. Right now she's refusing to take calls from us and even went as far as to ask my husbands parents to tell us to both not contact her until she decides to initiate it herself. My husbands parents are sympathetic to us but say that we should have kept in mind Sarah's difficulties. My parents think she is behaving awfully. Most of my friends are on my side but a few have said that it was a bit of a rude request given everyone knows how much Sarah hates kids.

It's really weighing on my mind and I honestly never expected this kind of outcome. She literally blocked us on every platform she could. Are we really the ones behaving like an asshole?My fiance (31m) and I (28f) have two girls aged 4&2. Last year I had a stillborn baby daughter. I said I never wanted to be pregnant again. It hit me really hard and I've never known pain like it. 

Apparently, your super fertile after a loss and I ended up falling pregnant immediately after our loss and I'm currently 8 month pregnant with a boy. Something my fiance really wanted.

I hate being pregnant. Never enjoyed it. I hate even more how long I've been pregnant due to the back to back pregnancies. I'm miserable and I never want to be pregnant again.

In the unlikely event the baby I'm carrying now does also die I never want to be pregnant again. If the baby lives I never want to be pregnant again. I honestly can't explain how much I hate being pregnant. I love babies, children etc. Not pregnancy. My eldest two girls and this baby are all c sections which is tough. I gave up work to be a sahm but I'm looking forward to when this one starts school and I can get back to work.
I hate how sick, tired and achey I feel. I'm short tempered with my other children. I'm fat and saggy. I poop constantly. My mental healths taken a complete beating - I've been in counselling for nearly a year now and feeling better though. 

Anyway. My consultant offerered to cut my fallopian tubes during my next c section making me infertile. I said yes of course, just check with my fiance.
He is very against it. I don't feel comfortable doing something permanent that effects him too without his support but equilly ill never forgive him if I fall pregnant again. 

He says I'm making a decision based on anger that's I've essentially been pregnant for 14 months now.

WIBTA if I agreed to be steralised - taking away also his choice of having any more children - because that's what I want?

Also to add, we've discussed me using the coil but there's no birth control that's 100% effective.

Edit: this has gotten more attention than I thought it would. I haven't had the chance to read all replies yet as been doing kids baths dinner etc, still need to get them to bed so will read every reply later.
Just to answer a few questions that have come up so far. I wasn't sure how much info to add in my original post to not be rambly. 

Fiance had always said as one of 4 he loved the madness and would want 4. I always said 4 was too many but we said we'd see how we feel after 3. We had never anticipated a still born and that steralisiation would be an option.

This past year he's been my absolute rock. He also lost a baby, but he had to hold it together while I fell apart. He's a fantastic father. This isn't a walk away from our family matter.

He's a bit of a stereotypical man in that he doesn't do talking about feelings, this is how he's always been and I accept that. He has so many other fantastic qualities. An example would be when choosing the music for our daughters funeral. He simply refused to pick. It upset him too much. You could say this is an ass hole move, however while I sat inside crying he was outside on the tranmpoline with our other 2 young children making them shriek with laughter, protecting them as best as he could.

I know in a way this is above this sub, because he's not an asshole, but I didn't want relationship advice. I just wanted to know if I would be crossing a line by doing it without his full support.

If I say I'm getting it done, he won't stop me. But he will resent me. If I don't get it done, I will resent him. 

His main concern is that its extra surgery with extra risks. Second that I'm not my usual self (I'm not - I am a raging hormonal mess, with a dose of ptsd, anxiety and depression to boot thanks to our loss - however I have a fantastic counsellor and things have greatly improved). Third he says there's other forms of contraception that isn't permanent. Forth is my age. 

And I've had 2 c sections. 1 emergency, 1 planned. Our stillborn was delivered naturally as she was premature and small so not the same risks. I have my third c section booked for the end of the month. I need to give an answer on Wednesday if I want the tubal tie at the same time and we are still in disagreement, so one of us will be upset. I wanted to see if I was being an asshole for choosing my choice, of permanent steralisiation over his suggestion of the coil. 
So far it seems from comments that I'm not and I really appreciate all the replies. I will read them all xxx

Edit 2. Guys I was asking if I would be an asshole not if fiance is an asshole and I'm beginning to feel very protective over him with some of the comments. I'm not a baby factory in the same way he's not a sperm doner. We love each other and respect each other we just have a difference of opinion on a huge matter and we've ran out of time. Whilst I'm really pleased it seems everyone is agreeing with me he's a good guy too. Everything he does is for us. He's hardworking, loving and fun. He helps me with the kids after a day of manual work. He does baths and the park. He rubs my back, sends me off for baths when I ache. Let's me sleep in, or nap due to pregnancy tiredness.
Leaving us over this wouldn't of even entered his mind nor is it a concern of mine. We survived a stillbirth while raising 2 other young children, as a team, filling their life with joy despite the pain. We can survive anything if we've made it through the last 18 odd months xMy daughter is 16, and will be 17 in August.  In September, I'm going to move her across the country because she will be starting College at a very good school (she skipped a grade, graduated HS a year earlier than her peers).  

&#x200B;

Last week my daughter graduated HS.  We packed up her room (the essentials) from her Mom's house (divorced) as she wont be going back to live there...we're going straight from my house to her College dorm.  A few days ago, my daughter asks me for a ride to my friend Tony's house because she is getting a tattoo.  I was surprised because she never mentioned this to me before. It was definitely framed to me as if this was already approved, she just wanted to go with me to get it done. We stayed up all night looking at designs, coming up with colorways/shading, and deciding on location.  The next day we went to Tony's and she got a small 2" x 4" tattoo above her ankle.  I've known Tony since High School, he's been a tattoo artist for 20 years.  I completely trust everything he's associated with when it comes to tattoos.  He even did MY first tattoo when WE were in High School.  The entire experience was actually a blast for me.  I haven't felt that close to my daughter in years, we really bonded over the whole thing.  To see the guy who gave me my first tatt also give her her first made me shed a tear.  

&#x200B;

Of course the next day she posts pics online, and her Mom flips her shit.  She calls me screaming about how irresponsible I am.  I honestly didn't know her Mom wouldn't be OK with it.  She has tried her hardest to cut me out of all decision-making about Daughter, so the norm is they make the decisions amongst themselves and I'm just sometimes along for the ride (and to pay).  She's also cut me out of multiple milestones in Daughter's life.  Graduations, performances, games, etc.  Until Daughter was old enough to tell me directly, I was never invited so I missed a lot of moments.  

&#x200B;

Obviously Daughter was aware of this, which is why she simply stated to me "I'm getting a tattoo" instead of asking me.  I definitely reprimanded her for misleading me, but otherwise, whats the big deal?  Wife has been OK with her having sex since 13, picked her own High School and College, is fine with her moving across the country in a few months to attend and live by herself.  Why are we acting like she is not capable of deciding this on her own?  Would it be better if she gets it done 5 months from now from some shitty kid doing tatts out his dorm room with used needles?  

&#x200B;

Mom is livid.  She threatened to call the police.  Threatened to pick up Daughter and bring her back to her house.  Tried to make me take her to get the tattoo removed.  None of this is happening.  A culture was created in which I don't get input on things regarding Daughter.  A culture was created in which Mom allowed Daughter to make decisions for herself.  AITA here for not double checking with Mom that a tattoo is OK?In my 12th grade economics class a group of people were playing cards against humanity cause it’s the last day before Christmas break we’re doing anything else might as well. Me and my friend weren’t playing but instead watched what people put out. 

I thought what they put was funny and even helped people pick out their cards. My friend also watched but had the opposite reaction of me. He would frequently object what people picked out sometimes got mad at me for being invested in the game.

When I help a guy picked two cards for something that basically said “combined together these two can make good profits” and chose make a wish and grave robbing, my friend told me he was traumatized, I just told him he needed to go outside more. He didn’t talk to for the rest of the day.

Additional info: the group had permission from the teacher so long as they weren’t loud or forced people who were uncomfortable to play. My friend goes to church but isn’t too extremely religious and hasn’t told me of anything in his past that would cause him to be triggered by the game even when I confessed to being abused as child. It could be the case but I wouldn’t know.My long time girlfriend told me recently that she is interested in being the surrogate for a child for a friend of hers who is gay and wants a child of his own.

I respect her desire to help and I told her: “This is your body, and I don’t think I have a say in what you can or can’t do with it. That being said, if you want to be the surrogate for him, I don’t think I would want to continue this relationship any further.”I have a son thats entering 8th grade and a daughter thats entering 9th grade.  Both of them have always been bookworms.  Very studious and cerebral, just like their Dad.  I also played sports all through school and I value the experience that brings.  I've always tried to push them to join sports, but neither one of my kids wanted to.  I tried to insist...maybe they would have fun?  We dont know til we try?  Even just to make them exercise and meet new friends.   My wife insisted I back off.  Fair enough.  

&#x200B;

Now my daughter is entering High School and wants to become a cheerleader.  She has never wanted to do anything even remotely close to cheerleading at any point in her life.  She actively made fun of cheerleaders 3 months ago.  But one of the popular girls moved in down the street last month and she has become a mainstay around my house.  She's convinced my daughter that she has to become a cheerleader in High School because she was "a loser in middle school and you don't want that to happen in high school."

&#x200B;

I said no.  I dont appreciate that reasoning.  My wife explained that I dont "know what its like to be a girl in high school" and I say OK?  Hows that relevant?  I also dont appreciate cheerleading.  Its too dangerous.  Girls get severely injured doing that, and for what reason?  We don't have the insurance to cover it.  Lastly, I dont like the sexualization of the whole thing.  Those outfits are a bit skimpy, and we're talking about high school girls.  My wife says I'm focusing on the bad and not the good.  Most girls dont get injured.  I'm the pervert because I'm making it sexual.  I pushed for her to join a sport.  I let my son play sports.  She'll have a much better high school experience.  

&#x200B;

I'm still like...fuck that shit.  My reasoning is sound.  She's not in it for the right reasons, and the benefits are lame.About a year ago, my ex-girlfriend (I'll call Anna) was involved in a terrible car accident. She received over 20 injuries (lacerated liver, broken ribs, punctured lung, bruised lung, left foot torn off, just to name a few). She had to be flown to the city to receive treatment. I was devastated to  hear her go through this.  Despite all the efforts, she was kept on a ventilator (per her parents wishes) and never woke up. 

After months of visiting Anna, sitting by her, I was getting drained. Her parents eventually told me (in a very kind way) that she would want me to find someone new and that I shouldn't let this be the end of my 'dating career' (I am 20yo). So after a lot of therapy and reaffirming my belief and faith in God, I put myself back out there. I eventually met a new girl who I loved (Katie), and I saw a lot of traits in her that I saw in my ex. 

A few days ago (May 2), the parents decided to pull her off life support. At first I was extremely upset, but realized Anna would want this; to end her suffering and her families). Katie knew about Anna and it was no surprise to her I wanted to be there when she was taken off life support. When I got there, I kissed Anna's forehead, ran my hands through her hair, and told her I loved her. After the the doctors removed her tube, it was extremely emotional for all the family and me. I kissed her again (on her lips, and just whispered again "I love you). 

At the funeral I gave her a eulogy (which Katie attended) and told Anna again "I love you."

After the funeral, Katie was angry with me. She asked what I mean't when I said "I love you, Anna." Then I told her about the kiss  because I felt guilty. Now, Katie is now super pissed at me. She is staying with her parents and said I cheated on her. This was not my intention at all though, I just wanted Anna to know (if she was even conscious) that I loved her, and would see her again. The kiss was not 'romantic' or 'sexual', it was just a final goodbye, I wanted more than to just touch her hand once last time. 

AITA for this?My friend is obviously gay. He does nails with the girls, he follows make-up tutorials on YouTube, speaks in a higher tone of voice, and flails around a lot. He also gushes with the girls in our group when they bring up K-Pop celebs (guys) and joins them for shopping when we split up at the mall.

We (the guys) know he's gay, the girls most certainly do, and it's pretty much an open secret at this point. Nobody ever brings it up, and we basically just treat him like another girl.

So we're at school, it's lunchtime and we're all chilling in the cafeteria. He suddenly comes out of the closet and announces (to the guy-table) that he's gay. We're playing cards at the time, and our responses ranged from: "Cool,", to "Finally...,"

Well APPARENTLY, we didn't show enough support because he seemed upset that we weren't caught completely by surprise.

Him: Why can't you people just accept me for who I am?

(We stare at each in confusion)

Me: Uh... we don't care. You're gay? Fine. It's none of our business. (shrug)

Him: It's 2019. It's not okay to hate on gay people anymore. (he storms off)

Girl 1: (kicks my leg) What the hell's your problem?

Me: Everybody already knew he was gay.

Girl 1: SOOOO??? You could've showed that you were happy for him! GOD! (kicks my leg again)

Me: Kick me again, I dare you. (Spoiler: she doesn't)

The guys at the table give me a mixed bag of: "You done fucked up now boi /s" and "SHUT UP, LET'S PLAY. LUNCH IS ALMOST OVER"

Nobody ever gave him crap for being gay, and as far I know, nobody outside our group ever gave him crap for it either.

AITA for not caring when a friend in our group comes out of the closet?So, my birthday is today and I haven’t seen my husband all day. I’m 29 weeks pregnant and had an early morning appointment I had to go to his morning and by the time I got home he left for work. I thought he would have something planned for tonight when he got home but he texted me and said “he can my friends come over tonight”. Which made me mad because it’s my birthday so why would you friends come over, clearly you don’t plan on doing anything with me and you haven’t seen me all day. He says I’m mad for no reason. His friends come over twice a week, normally at 10 pm and stay til 6 am. I’m upset because he has no birthday gift for me, says he ordered edible arrangements but they left my order at the store and so they are just gonna refund him his money. So I thought he’d do something tonight for me. He then says he will get me cake and then two seconds later text “so awkward but my friends didn’t get my text about how they can’t come over and they already purchased everything for the hookah. What do you want to do”. Now I’m mad again because what was the point of this long conversation. Just to bring up your friends again and ask me what I want to do. AITA for being mad about this situation?Amy (19) and I have never gotten along well but what she did recently took the cake.

I have followed a strict vegan diet for 12 years now, it's something very important to me & Amy is not unaware of this. Her father and her have lived with me in my house now for 2 years and she has never had a right attitude. Always rude and snide, ordering her father around and trying to do the same to me, she even smokes weed in the room I let her sleep in despite me asking numerous times to do that outside of the house. Brings nonveg food over and hides it in her room (a strict rule I had for them moving in was no meat in the house), laughs in my face if I try to make her stop.

Recently Amy and a group of her friends got high & thought it would be funny to replace all the stocks cubes in the house with beef ones. Cooked a stew and after eating it she pulls out an empty beef stock pack & laughs in my face asking if I liked the taste of cows and she guesses I'm just a regular murder now and can chill out.

Waited for her to leave, removed her stuff & texted her that she was evicted from my house & could go stay at her friends instead. My boyfriend is very upset and his ex gf is hitting up my phone with insults over disrupting Amy's life and schedule. I think after 2 years of disrespect I was too generous to begin with for not making her leave earlier.

AITA for this?My ex, Josh, and I have a five year old son, Alex. We split when Alex was a year old, and we decided I'd have primary custody because he moved in with a bunch of roommates, but he asked to have Alex every other weekend.

Well, Josh paid child support, but he kept making excuses every weekend as to why he couldn't have Alex overnight (roommates having a party, his friend needed help moving, roommates having guests, his sister was in town, etc.) and after the first six months or so, I just stopped bugging him about it and he just stopped even making excuses. He didn't see Alex at all from ages 2-4.

Last year, his roommate situation changed, he distanced himself from his toxic friend group, and his parents were putting pressure on him, so Josh asked if he could have Alex for one weekend a month. After setting up some playdates to make sure Alex was comfortable with him (since he was basically a stranger at this point), we went ahead with that plan. And it's been great, Alex loves his dad and they have a great time together, and Josh expressed interest in having him over more weekends now. It's also been nice to have some 'time off' being a single mom. Great. Good news.

Except... I'm not a big social media person, but I checked Facebook in December and noticed that Josh has been posting a lot of pictures of Alex over the last year... and he never indicated that Alex was his son. He keeps calling him his 'friend' or 'his little buddy.' Someone even asked who Alex was and he said, "He's my little bud!" Something about this rubbed me the wrong way. I feel like I've been incredibly 'chill' about this process, maybe moreso than I should have, but the fact that he isn't even claiming Alex as his son is really shitty. I was worried he wasn't even telling his friends that this was his kid.

So, next time he posted Alex, I commented basically saying, 'I'm glad Alex is having a great time with his dad!' and proved my hypothesis; everyone was like, 'You have a kid???' 'This is your kid???' 'You never mentioned having a kid!'

Josh was furious at me, deleted the post when he saw it, and basically said it's his business to tell his friends and social circle about his life. My sister also said I was being petty, but she said I have an excuse because he's been so absent. Was it an asshole move to 'out' him like this?

EDIT: Just want to note a couple of things here. Our son was planned. He wasn't an 'oops' baby that Josh didn't want or didn't know was coming. I think people saying that he needs time to 'get used' to being a father should keep that in mind. 

Also, he and Alex have now been spending weekends together alone since last July, and had been hanging out with me present since April of last year, if the timeline wasn't clear. This isn't the first few weeks of their reacquaintance.

EDIT #2: I am 28 and Josh is 29. We are almost 30. We didn't have a teen pregnancy and are now in our early 20s trying to get our shit together and 'find ourselves.'Mom and pops were married for 30ish years. I’m 26. Always thought they were a dream couple until 5 years ago when I found out that my dad had fathered a child from an affair that he had in 2006. 

My mom went batshit crazy when she found out, I honestly believe her mental health cracked and deteriorated from then and she divorced my dad and moved to the other side of the US. Essentially, I lost my mom to my dads idiocy, she is *not* the same woman as she used to be. 

My dad had always been in this girls life, but over the past 5 years I guess because he had no one to keep it a secret from he’s more or less a full time dad to her. 

Since the divorce I’ve kept my distance from him, I’m just trying to secure my bag , live quietly and stay away from drama. 

He has lately started up this crusade of me meeting this girl and developing a brotherly bond with her. I told him It’s just not on the cards, I have no interest in picking up a relationship with anybody and I have my own hatred for my fathers new family and idc what anyone says, therapy ain’t fixing that. Believe me, I’ve tried. It’s better for my mental health if I continue to do my thing and not involve myself. 

It’s got to a point where everyone on my paternal side is bugging me for some sort of Christmas miracle meet up, apparently this girl wants to know me very much and is begging that she gets to meet me as a Christmas present. I’ve consistently told everybody ‘no’ and I’m also not celebrating Christmas with them in case they try force anything. 

The only person on my side in all this is my fiancée, who is the only one who gives a shit about what hurt this might cause me instead of anything else. Just wondering if IATA for shutting everybody down over this.Ok so this is kind of a weird situation. My wife is one of those super prim and proper chicks. Like shes the walking definition of an 80s housewife. You don't ever catch her doing anything "impolite", whether its burping or farting or shitting or any basic body function. Even weirder, when asked about it she completely denies she does any of these things. I've never managed to catch her, up until she had our daughter. 

She had an emergency c section, and had a rough time recovering from it. She wasn't able to get up and walk by herself so I had to help her to the toilet and since shes so weird about "needing privacy to pee", I'd just go to the other room and she'd call me when she was done. 

Well she had been in there for a while, and I'm like oh she totally has to be shitting. So I went in there and sure enough she was. I teased her and was like, "See! I knew you shit too!" She got real embarrassed and told me to shut up and leave her alone and started to cry so I left to let her finish, but teased her about afterwards. She was real emotional so I shut up about it for a while. Well now some time has passed and shes no longer an emotional mess, so I figured I could finally tease her again.

Every once in a while I'll casually bring it up, like we'll be talking about something and I'll be like "still it wasn't as bad as that time you shit. Man that was awful, i could smell it from in here!" She always gets mad and yells at me to shut up, which is hilarious. Well she broke down the other day and started yelling and sobbing when I brought it up saying that was a difficult time for her and shes still embarrased about it and she hates me making fun of her for it. I told her it's just funny because it's the only time I got to catch her doing it, and its harmless teasing and it's no big deal. But I kind of feel bad because she was really crying about it, and my friend said I was a jerk for making fun of something that happened right after giving birth. So AITA? I'm just trying to have fun and joke around with her.

Edit: Welp, I did not expect this to blow up like it did. I guess the general consensus is that I am TA, so I guess I'll try to tone it down for now until she has more time to calm down over it.A couple of years ago, I was in a life threatening accident. I was really lucky and I made it alive. My wife and I planned a vacation just before that. And she decided to take her best friend on the vacation while I was in the hospital. That was a week long trip to Greece. 

She came back after a week and did not stop talking about how amazing the vacation was. Apparently she did that to help me vicariously enjoy the vacation. I was really pissed. My sister and my family supported me. But my wife did not. She later told me that she was too  stressed and depressed to be around me and watch me suffer. 

Now, my wife is down with flu. And I've been helping her. But I think I should help her vicariously enjoy Europe because it's one of her favorite destinations. I just want her to know how I felt. Of course, I won't go, but I plan on acting like I did. When I told my sister this, she told me that I should not get back at her and forgive her and lead by example. I don't think so. I think I'm feeling the stress now. WIBTA here?

Edit: So this blew up and I'm getting many responses. I only stayed for my daughter because she was a teen. She moved out now. My wife will move out after I divorce her. Just wanted her to get a feel of why I divorced her.My wife and I have been married for 9 years, she's beautiful, funny, and a very caring and lovely person. The problem is that she has a very credulous nature while I am much more skeptical. Around six months ago my wife got a call from the MVA telling her that my new car wasn't ever registered, and that I would be arrested if she didn't pay the registration fees immediately. 

She went to the store and bought a bunch of prepaid giftcards and gave the numbers to the scammers over the phone. When she told me what happened I explained that this was a scam, the MVA would not have someone arrested for messed up paperwork, nor would they accept prepaid gift cards in payment. I contacted the bank and they said there was nothing they could do, the company issuing the cards said the money was already gone. Needless to say this was an expensive lesson, but I thought my wife at least wouldn't fall for something like that again.

Last week she fell for the IRS scam, she was contacted and told that we made an error on our 2018 taxes and that we owed the IRS $2500. They threatened jail time, taking our house, our cars, etc. My wife panicked and gave the scammers our joint account information. She called me after she did this and I immediately hung up and called our bank. They said we had a large transaction pending, but since it was the same day they could stop it. 

Quite simply, after going through this the first time I cannot believe that she fell for another scam, the first time was such a nightmare and so many emails and phone calls. She refused to deal with it so it was me who was calling our bank, calling the prepaid card company, sending emails back and forth trying to get our money back. She said she felt overwhelmed by the situation and didn't want to deal with it, and now I'm forced into this same situation again through her negligence. Would I be wrong to ask for separate finances at this point, I don't feel secure knowing my money is in her hands.So, i'm in the middle of a shitstorm and need some advice on if i'm wrong.

&#x200B;

My sister is getting married in less that 3 weeks. I haven't been involved in the planning as I have my own life but from what my mom has relaid to me it's been a nightmare. My sister want's a "fancy" wedding and is micro-managing everything. I have no idea how normal this is but from what i've heard she broke down crying when her fiance bought the wrong shade of white napkins. Her and both my and the grooms parents have invested a lot of money into this too the tune of over 50k.

&#x200B;

In my opinion I think the whole ordeal is ridiculous but it's not really my place to say anything. At least until yesterday. A email was sent out to everyone invited to the wedding with "attendance requirements". These requirements were a joke. Some of them were just nonsensical like what color ties are and aren't allowed or that no one can talk to the wife or groom alone. But some were absurd like the fact that no one is supposed to take pictures except the photographer for the whole event, no facial hair will be allowed or you will not be pictured, or that any women with shoulder length or longer hair must have it cut or wear it in a pony tail. The worst though were the "gift requirements". According to the email a gift of 300$ value or more MUST be given (or $250 cash) or you will not be allowed into the venue. The email also ends with "Those who choose not to follow these rules will be asked to leave. Please think of the bride and groom's wishes during this stressful time"

&#x200B;

This is a joke, right? Like I can understand micromanaging but that's just absurd. I called my mom to make sure this was not a late April fools joke and it was real. I told her that I won't be going because of this. That was wrong apparently because my sister has been blowing me up saying that I'm being selfish and that i'm ruining "her day:. My parents agree with her and say i'm being an asshole. My parents have told me that they will pay for my gift but I still think that all of these rules are a joke.

Would I be an ass if I skipped out on the wedding?My husband was a teen dad, we will refer to his daughter as An. An's mom, grandma and ggrandma were all teen moms. An is now 16 years old, and pregnant.

An stays mostly with us because I am the one who pays (most of– 75%) her private high school tuition. It had always been my husband who pays for An's expenses.

When An turned 14 she wanted to move in with us to start her high school(HS) in the big city we live in. We checked on HS and since public school is terrible here, we decided to enroll her in a fancy private HS. She has always been set that she wanted to be an economist, and that she wanted to move to another country to pursue her dream. I have been separating some money for this purpose, too.

My husband and I came to an agreement that I would also help her dream to come true, but I would cease any economic help towards her tuition if she became a teen mom (An did NOT know this) and he agreed. This conversation took place two years ago... And now, An is pregnant as soon as she finished her first year.

I laid some facts down to An, gave her some articles and statistics about how teen moms are one of the most vulnerable groups of people, that this will hinder her dream of going to another country to study and that she knows the stigma it comes with. I recommended she terminated the pregnancy.

An's mom is ECSTATIC and so is her grandma. They have this weird belief where they think they can make it for so much better for her than it was for them because of "all the experience". I think they're absolute loonies; I bet they don't even have the money to pay for the hospital when the time comes. I believe they think we will pay for all of the unborn child's costs.

I am dead serious about stopping tuition and using the money I've been saving in other stuff if An decides to carry on with the pregnancy. I have NOT and will NOT make the ultimatum of "terminate or I'll stop paying your tuition", but I will tell her that I won't pay for her nice school and her child's expenses if she decides she wants to keep it. I don't even want to become one of those grandmas who take care of the child. I firmly believe a normal teen life has to be child-free. Money will go to some of the child's expenses and I will give no more. An can either enroll in a public high school (or one within her dad's budget) and set herself for a uni scholarship under dad's budget.

My husband is telling me I need to understand the situation. I do not and will not endorse this teen mom dynasty in any way, this is the hill I will die on. I can actually continue paying for her fancy high school, saving (a lot less) for the uni, and  some of the future child's expenses too, but I feel like I'll be rewarding her for being irresponsible and fucking myself over something I shouldn't. Husband firmly believes I am doing this to punish An and I am being an ass for compromising her future over this matter. AITA?

&#x200B;

**Edit/Commonly asked questions:** Ann will NOT stop attending high school- she will just stop attending the fancy private school. I will use that same money to finance some of the child's caring, but I also feel this is not my baggage and has to be something bio mom and dad have to solve themselves (I still need to make a budget, but I don't think I will pay the full $1000 equivalent of tuition a month on child support, bio mom has to pay at least something once in her life).

No, I will NOT make an ultimatum. I HAVEN'T SPOKEN TO ANN ABOUT THIS SITUATION. I plan on telling her I can't support fancy high school + child support, but not both. She STILL will be able to attend a less prestigious school, not a bad one but not the best, that her father would finance. If father and bio mom want fancy high school, they should pay them themselves.

I will definitely NOT pay for the private university. The country's private universities tend to give scholarships, she could apply for one. I AM NOT CLOSING HER EDUCATIONAL OPTIONS. I may not be giving her the best (the money for her to go to LSE, for example) but I am not giving her the worst.

Finally, the father of the upcoming child is a young man she met in some of her extra activities outside of school. Parents said they would pay for child support, but unless this teen gets a part time job (part time jobs here to high school students pay around 200 a month), the parents will only be able to give $300 a month. That would cover a month of 5hour/5days a week daycare.

**Another edit because forgot to add:** Ann was supposed to be on the pill. Gyn recommended the pill instead of an implant because of some reproductive issues bio mom has. She stopped taking the pill because mom told her she would get fat and then proceeded to *educate her* on the "natural" way, as in having sex before, during, and some days after her period. Husband and I have been teaching her sex-ed since she got her first period when she was 11, but I'm fearing of bio mom's teachings, and at this point I just want to fist fight bio mom.My niece is kind of... a useless intern at the moment. She was super sheltered by her mother, my brother travels for work... so she has no real life skills.   
I own a business and took Ally \[18\] under my wing. She lives in my basement apartment \[I live above her\] and I am pretty much building an adult from the ground up. Everything from how to dress in the workplace to how to use a computer properly outside of Facebook and Instagram.   
It's working. It's just frustrating for Ally because she should know a lot of this stuff. But her mom is very, very controlling. I expect I am going to do this with my other niece Savannah when she graduates in a few years.   
But it's working out well. Ally is going to start community college in September. But until then I am having her sit in my office and do various small tasks, take an online Microsoft Word tutorial, and catch up on various life goals.   
I have been running my own business for six years now. I took it over from my Mother when she retired. My brother has no interest in the business, though he was offered some stake.   
My mother ran the business for 37 years before I took it over. She hired a woman named Belladonna \[54F\] who has worked there for 24 years. As such, Belladonna feels she is pillar for the company and has asked to become a manager. She has tried to take on managerial roles before, but I wouldn't give her that job if someone paid me.   
She is a little snarky, but I had no issue with it. Until I caught her calling Ally "Cinderella" and "Princess." She was also ordering Ally to get her coffee. When Ally said she was working on something, Belladonna told her "well, I guess you just sit down and do nothing then."   
I fired her on the spot.   
My Mother thinks I was an asshole for doing that. But I don't tolerate people who think being older means they have a right to be snarky. I told people what Ally was doing at the job, and that she was not an intern. She was simply my niece assisting me on stuff I needed help with.   
AITA?   
I (32F) live with my boyfriend (35M) of 5 years. We live together in an awkwardly shaped apartment with a long, narrow living room and a tiny bedroom. As a result, our dresser is in the living room.

After work, I like to come home, greet my boyfriend who's usually relaxing on the couch, and change into my gym clothes. While I'm changing in the living room, we usually talk about our day. Well today, I started telling him about an annoying co-worker while I was topless. Out of nowhere, he abruptly stops me and curtly says, "don't talk to me when you're naked". I was really taken aback by this. Embarrassed, I went into the bedroom to dress in peace.

Angrily, I came out and asked my boyfriend why he suddenly had a problem with me being naked. Before I get into his reasoning, I will admit that I am naked quite a bit. For instance, after I shower I like to do a naked Kermit style dance to dry off in front of him. Anyway, his discomfort is that seeing me naked all the time makes it less special when we have sex. He even mentioned that this issue came up in Seinfeld and that Jerry would side with him. I don't know about this, I feel like I have a right to be naked, but I don't want him to feel uncomfortable either.

Anyway, should I let my fur flag fly or AITA??

UPDATE: Before I dive in, you guys really came through with the solid advice! Thank you! Ok, so after this incident I decided to cool off and go to the gym. When I got home my boyfriend sheepishly greeted me. I coldly said "hi" and sat on the couch to play on my phone. While I'm sitting, he walks over to me and without saying a single word, begins to start stripping! He gets butt naked, picks up my free weights and starts doing lunges, squats, bicep curls, you name it! I watched him in silence until we both couldn't take it anymore and started laughing. He then apologized, saying he doesn't have a problem with my nudity, he just doesn't like to have prolonged conversations when I'm naked. I understand where he's coming from, so we agreed that any conversation longer than 5 minutes will require a shirt. Tough, but fair.

Thank you again for your helpful comments! They were really thoughtful and made me think deeper about how I was making him uncomfortable. In terms of saying that me being naked all the time makes sex less special, he said it was a dumb comment that he only said in anger. I accept this.

I'm also a bit obsessed with all the Seinfeld comments. Jerry is absolutely an asshole and using him to argue your point is hilarious. Now Kramer on the other hand...

And thank you to everyone who supports my Kermit dance! I will confidently dance dry after my shower tonight. But for no longer than 5 minutes. I know the rules.Hi all, I’ll try to make this as brief and unbiased as possible.
I  met my bf a year ago, we have always had protected sex ( I’m on the pill and he wears a condom). I have no idea what happened but I still managed to get pregnant. I immediately decided to get an abortion.
I asked my bf if he could come and support me through the procedure. He said he didn’t want to take a day off. Full disclosure if it gives insight: he works from home taking contracts as a programmer, makes $150k a year and can take off whenever he feels like it.

So whatever, he told me he wasn’t coming and that I had to take care of it. This was a week ago. The procedure was yesterday and it went as well as can be expected. I went to his house afterwards and he told me he had a surprise for me: it was a small, child sized bowl with cutesy animals on it. I thanked him but mentioned that this was maybe not the best gift as I just had a tough day and was emotional at best. 
He then told me he had a wonderful day with his family and proceeded to show me a video of his father and nephew doing egg hunts together and the father teaching the nephew to wash his hands, etc.
So I immediately started bawling because I just terminated a pregnancy ( it wasn’t wanted and I don’t regret it, but it doesn’t mean I feel sensitive about it). He became very cold and asked me to stop crying, saying that I was overreacting and he was just trying to make me feel better. He didn’t apologize and we went to bed upset. I woke up in the middle of the night because I was cramping and sore, so I went on his couch and had a good cry. Apparently that woke him up because he came to ask me if I was going to continue crying for long and told me to turn off the lights ASAP because I was being inconsiderate.

AITAH? I feel like he doesn’t give a rats ass about me and is being disrespectful, he says it’s the ‘pregnancy hormones’ making me whiny.

ETA: thank you all for your judgement and messages. I’m going to have a conversation w my bf tonight. To those who think he wanted to keep it: he made it clear (explicitly) that he didn’t want it. Regardless, I want to at least understand his motivations. I will try to post an update when this is all over. Thank you again.
Also don’t waste your time calling me a baby killer, I’m 100% pro choice and would do it again in a heartbeat. If you can’t understand why, then you’re not someone I want to engage with anyway.Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c76v9p/aita_for_being_upset_that_my_siblings_are_getting/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

My first post wasn’t hugely popular but I wanted to update anyways.

After what happened with my parents, I won’t lie, I relapsed. 

I had a weekend where I blacked out. I remember getting back to my apartment and all the drugs and booze I had bought was gone. And it was a Monday morning. It was a lot of stuff. 

I scared myself so much I ended up calling my parents saying that they were right and I remembered everyone’s advice on my last post and I apologized for how I treated them and that they were right in not giving me any of their money. 

I’m now three weeks sober and I took Reddit’s advice and made a compromise with my parents in regards to my inheritance.

If I remain at least 5 years sober and submit to a bi monthly drug test, they will reconsider my part of the money. I hope they do reconsider. 

I know I have a lot of work to do and I still have a lot of selfishness to overcome but I wanted to thank everyone for helping me try to realize that. 

Here’s to three weeks and more.I am aware the title screams NTA but believe it or not, people think I’m the AH in this situation and it’s divided my friend group with more people being against me than on my side.

Background: i (26F) come from a well off family. My grandma (76) before she retired had a high paying job in the fashion industry. She wasn’t a designer or anything or well known on a world scale but she was known within the fashion circles. My grandpa (77) before he retired worked behind the scenes in the art industry so the two of their incomes combined was in the millions. They could provide for my mom and my aunt with no worries but they didn’t grow up spoiled. My grandparents taught my mom and aunt the value of money and whilst the family was effectively rich, they didn’t buy anything designer or any extravagant purchases. The most my mom and aunt spent on anything was buying houses outright and setting up inheritances for me and my cousins.

When I was old enough, I received quite a lot of money as an inheritance from my grandparents, a few million to say the least. I put all that money into a savings fund for my future and the most I spent was buying a new car when I was 19 which is the car I’m still driving 7 years later. Then, my mom died suddenly when I was 21 and I’m an only child, so I inherited even more money, our house and so on. I do not buy fancy stuff or expensive stuff. I quite happily shop at stores where the general public go as I don’t need extravagant designer labels to be happy. I also don’t really talk about my finances as it’s nobody’s business.

About two months ago, I had a few friends over and by sheer “accident” (I use that lightly), two of them found one of my bank statements. It was upstairs in my bedroom so I no for a fact they were snooping. I was pissed at them and I had to reveal my finances when they saw how much money I had. They were annoyed I didn’t tell them and I said it’s none of their business.

Now, I have a problem. It’s one of their birthdays soon and they want a HUGE party. I said that was cool and then they dropped a bombshell saying I should pay for it as I’m loaded. I was greatly offended and said why would I pay for someone’s party. It’s caused a massive rift with people accusing me of being selfish and hoarding all this money which I’m probably never going to touch. I told them that that’s MY money and I’m saving it for my future and any future family I may have and I’ve been labelled an AH.

Update: someone mentioned maybe my friends suspected that’s why they were snooping. Maybe they had questions after I got a lot after my mom died. I never disclosed anything to them as it was private but it was hard to hide I had a whole house I owned suddenly. I also am able to work a lot less hours than them so maybe they’ve always wondered how ibe managed to survive on a “low income”

Update 2: I should add my grandparents are still alive. The inheritance I got from them was money they’d saved for me for when I was of age.

Update 3: to those saying I’m an AH for my views on marriage. I would NEVER get a joint bank account. I think it’s only fair you both hold onto your money, don’t share and the only time technical sharing should come up is if you’re both paying half of whatever. Also I don’t ever wanna get married to those who decides to berate me for my view on marriage and getting offended why I didn’t have a reason for not wanting to get married. I also don’t understand why people are getting so annoyed that I wouldn’t share my money with an SO. The simple reasoning for that is I do not want an SO or a life partnership. I’m content remaining single. I also would like a future family one day not that I need to mention that and will probably go the adoption or donor dad route.

Update 4: I also checked my bank accounts and changed my security up as a precaution so nothing was taken. As for the paper statements, I am one of the few people who does like to have paper copies of my accounts. And yes, I do plan on cutting these friends out. I just wanted some honest to god insight into this situation as it’s incredibly frustrating and on another level, I’m losing most of my friends I’ve known for years so it’s really upsetting me.

Update 5: it was also brought up why I never disclosed I was this well off to my close friends. Yes I could have told them and never mentioned exact figures but that info is deeply private. They never mentioned their situations and I never thought to ask as finances are nobody’s business but your own. I have no obligation to tell anyone how much money I have or how well off I am.Yeah so I’m basically Joey from Friends before anyone states the obvious. I really really hate sharing food when I order out at restaurants or takeout. I always order just enough for myself so when someone grazes off my plate it makes me unreasonably upset. 

So my wife is a TERRIBLE food snatcher. She always says she’s not that hungry and orders a small side or nothing at all, then slowly devours the food I’ve ordered. So many times I’ve ordered steak and fries just to end up competitively eating fries with her as we both race to get the last fry. I ask her to order her own stuff but she’ll say she’s not that hungry or my food looks better, etc. 

Anyways in the past year I’ve found a good trick where I simply order dishes with one ingredient she hates (cilantro, anchovies, carrots, or chilies) and she won’t touch any of it. Recently some family members discovered I do this and called me a massive asshole. They called me childish for not sharing food with a spouse but honestly I’m just sick of not being able to eat a whole meal. AITA?

**Edit**: To those asking if I’ve told her to stop, I do, all the time, but it’s honestly worse because then she sits there and eyes my food sadly. Or she’ll sigh and push her own plate around and ask, sadly “so how’s your food? It looks really good...” Or she waits until I’m taking a break to ask me multiple times if I’ve finished and if she could now have a bite, in the saddest voice possible like she’s begging for scraps. It just feels super disconcerting when someone is so focused on me eating my meal.

I like just getting something she has no interest in cause then I can eat in peace, and that usually forces her to order something else for herself as well.I have a tattoo of my sons name which I got when he turned 1. I’ve never had a tattoo after that. Met the love of my life 22 years ago, she had a 4 year old daughter, and I honestly truly love her like my own. 

Recently my wife’s best friend noticed my tattoo (it’s on my chest so usually covered up) and she asked my wife if I had a tattoo of my stepdaughters name. 

My wife said no, and her friend is convinced this is a huge sad imbalance and is unfair to my daughter etc. She told my wife this, and my wife agrees now and thinks that I should get a tattoo of my stepdaughters name to be fair. 

I don’t want to do it at all, and I keep saying no, but my wife thinks a ‘real dad’ would get tattoos of both. I got a bit upset at that comment and told her I was a real bloody dad. I asked my daughter and she said ‘I don’t want a tattoo of my name, but if you are getting a tattoo for me I want you to get a cat’ .... I love her very much but I’m not getting a freaking cat on me either. 

My wife is very sensitive about the fact that our daughter isn’t biologically mine, I absolutely 0% care as my stepfather raised me and he is the best dad in the fucking world. I love my daughter and she loves me.

Am I the asshole for refusing to get this tattoo?

EDIT: a user pointed out I should explain why I got my tattoo. I got his name because he was premature and they told us he had a high probability of dying, the fact he didn’t was a medical miracle. I was celebrating the first year of his birth because that was the biggest hurdle to get through. Never saw any need to get any tattoos after that.Throwaway and not English, so keep that in mind.

I will try to keep this short

My girlfriend recently asked to move in with me since her lease was running out and the landlord did not want to renew it and given she makes a little above minimum wage in my country finding a rental place is semi impossible for her(If you make minimum wage or on welfare government rental housing is available if not and you are between minimum wage and middle wage you are screwed.), so it was move back to her parents or move in with me. While I was reluctant given we have only been together for a year, I love her and let her move in. I inherited money from my uncle which I used to buy my own house.

It has been going really well, until yesterday when she asked me if her best friend could move in for a while. Now this best friend of hers is a mess to put it bluntly, she can hardly keep a job, drinks enough to pass out at least once a week, smokes weed inside, got kicked out of her place for not paying rent etc. So obviously my answer was no, she retorted by saying it would just be fir a few weeks, to which I said even if it was fir a day it would be a no, she got mad saying I did not care about her friend and I shrugged andagreed saying I indeed do not care about her friend, she us her friend not my friend.

Well this turned in to a huge fight where she tried to have me sleep on the couch, I told her I was not sleeping on the couch in my own home and if she wanted to sleep somewhere else, she is welcome too.

Today I went to work and she had the day off, our argument was unresolved but she was still asleep so I did not feel like waking her up and arguing. When I got home 9 hours later I see a load of suitcases in the hallway, confused I walk in to the living room and ammet with her, her best friend and her best friends boyfriend. Her best friend immediatly comes over to thank me for letting her move in and so does the boyfriend.

I take a moment, glare at them and tell them to grab their shit and get out, after some whining they comply. My girlfriend calls me a horrible person and that they have no where to go and I tell her to join them and after a lot of arguing she grabs her stuff and gets out too.

I have since gotten multiple messages from mutual friends calling me horrible for making my girlfriend and her friend homeless so I am doubting my decision, I have plenty of room after all. Judge me. Also yes, I dumped her, before anyone asks, I am just wondering whether I overreacted and such.

EDIT: I should have done this earlier but I got overwhelmed by the amount of responses. So to answer some frequently asked questions. 1: In my experience moving in together is something you usually do when both parties are on board a long way in to your relationship, this might be cultural or personal but I don't think it is really relevant, what I deem appropriate to do at which parts of my relationship is up to me, I am not telling you, you can not move in together at 2 months either you know. 2: She moved in roughly 3 weeks ago. 3: She bought groceries once, besides that she had not contributed, nor was there an agreement on rent as this was not intended to be permanent unless we decided that later on. 4: She is not homeless, her parents live 40 minutes from me, she has a car and she is welcome there.Hello everyone,

This is my first time using this platform, I'm sorry for any 'rules' broken or any mistakes made.

A friend of mine showed me this website recently, and since then I have been considering this post.

My husband and I (married for 3 years, together for 7) had our first child 3 weeks ago. She is perfect, and everything I could ever wish for, even if she is a handful. However, unfortunately, her birth was ... complicated.

I have always been a private person, and very terrified of pregnancy due to the (admittedly low, but to me nonetheless scary) risks associated. My husband knows this, and I specifically asked him, when we found out about this pregnancy, that he tried to help me lower my stress levels, since the pregnancy itself would already be causing me significant stress.

He succeeded at this during almost all of my pregnancy. He was always very calm, even when he had a bad work day and was upset. He put up with me when I cried over silly things like wanting one specific brand of food that was sold out, he made sure I was comfortable at home and rarely had to go out when I was too big to do so comfortably.

We agreed on from the start that he would be the only person in the delivery room with me. No parents, no family, no friends, just us and the medical staff.

However, on the day I was admitted to the hospital, his mother (who is usually a very, very nice lady, just has her moments) cried to him that it was unfair she would not witness the birth of this grandchild. (My husband has an older sister with two kids, and she was in the delivery room for both of them). My husband tried to get me to agree to having her in the delivery room. I said no, and figured that would be the end of it.

After a long, exhausting, painful labor, when my doctor announced my daughter was crowning, I saw the door open and my mother in law come in. No medical staff got up to stop her. My husband was next to me and I clung to his arm and told him to get her out. He tried to argue with me that she should be allowed to see the birth of her grandchild. I started panicking HARD, like I said, I am a private person and did not want my MIL staring into my lady bits while I was so vulnerable and exposed. I kept saying to my husband, "take her outside, please, get her out of here, please, please" but he would not budge.

A nurse finally noticed how much I was panicking and stressing and immediately shooed everyone expect me and the staff out of the room. This included my husband.

My daughter was born soon after, but because of the MIL situation, he did not get to witness the birth. He was very upset at me during the hospital stay, saying I didn't allow him to see his child be born. I feel awfully guilty because I did want my husband in there, but he should not have let his mother in. It's been almost 3 weeks since we have been back home, and he still acts coldly towards me sometimes.

Am I the asshole?My wife gets upset when I do this but I feel like I'm in the right here. If we are at a bar or a party, we usually go our own separate ways to socialize. I'll notice that she'll be talking to a guy that neither of us have met before and I can see on his face that he's into her. So I'll head over to where she's at and grab her, give her a kiss and compliment her. Something like "She's so funny. That's why I married her." Then I leave so she can continue talking. Almost every time, the guy ends up leaving after I do. She's never really flirting with these guys, just talking sports or politics. But she's beautiful and very smart and she has a knack for being very personable so they assume she is flirting. She says all she is trying to do is have a conversation with a stranger but I'll I'm doing is letting people know we are married. If it was just a conversation, they should still be able to talk to her even though she's taken. AITA?So this happened about a year ago but I'm curious. My wife said I drug it out too far and was an asshole. 

So my kid comes homes from school telling me he learned something new at school, and he was excited. So I was excited too and asked him what. He said "we learned our blood is blue today!". 

I felt a little bad but said to him "you know I was told that as a kid too, but I've learned that's actually not true.". I said I can show him evidence from the internet when we get home. We get home and I show him and he believes me. 

The next day he goes to school and tells his friends and even the teacher that that was incorrect. His teacher tells him no, I am the one who is wrong not him. My kid even said he believes his teacher. So I show my son more proof that I am right, but he is still skeptical.  

The next day I compose a nice email, not rude. Simply stating I told my son we didn't have blue blood and he told me that you told him I am incorrect. I give him some links showing we don't have blue blood.  

He emails me back saying I am still incorrect. At this point my wife asks me to drop it. I am upset and I don't want to drop it. As of now my own kid does not believe me, even after showing him proof. 

So I email the teacher again and ask him if he can provide me evidence that he is correct because I cannot produce anything showing he is correct. He finally relents and says I must be right. 

But at this point, I now need him to tell my son he was incorrect so my son will believe me.  My wife asked me to please stop but I didn't. I emailed him asking him to please tell my son and the classroom that he was incorrect so they don't go through life with incorrect information. 

He did tell the kids he was wrong and that's the end of that. 

Now I feel that I have taught my son a few good lessons.  A) it's ok to question things including those authorities B) it's ok to stand behind what your beliefs are especially with evidence C) it's ok to be wrong(the teacher) we can all be wrong, but when presented with proof, it's ok to change your opinion based on evidence.

Was I an asshole for dragging it out?

Edit. To those calling me an asshole? What is the best way to handle this then? I'm serious, genuinely curious of the proper way to handle this?

Edit: well this blew up. I'll accept my nta. But these people telling me my reasons for doing this are self centered? Nope. Couldn't care less. But I wanted my kid to challenge authority, absolutely, and to stand by your convictions.

Final edit: showed the wife this. She said that I was correct in following through. But I was the asshole because she had to listen to me complain about this guy at home for days. 
Thanks for the conversations though!I live in an apartment unit at uni with 3 of my friends. We get along just fine in every aspect, except for one dude who does this absolutely disgusting thing

friend (DB) thinks it's funny or "cool" (honestly idk) to pin his used condoms on a bulletin board to show off all the times hes fucked. I've asked him a million times to take it down or put it in his own damn room, but he leaves it up in the main living area for everyone to see.

In his defense, he washes the condoms, cleans ,and drys them.

The bulletin board itself is really big, and really expensive, he's designed it with supreme stickers and a bunch of other things on it too. there is 6 condoms in total on the board.

He doesnt seem to understand that I dont fucking care if he washes them or not, its an eye sore, and its disgusting to leave up for everyone to see.

yesterday, a girl I've been talking to asked to come study with me at my place and watch a movie afterward. I was super duper fuckin excited because this shit never happens for me, so before I left to classes I made sure to hide the bulletin board, and clean the place up.

Later that night she came over and she wandered around looking at our dorm while I went to wash my hands. When I came back the fucking bulletin board was back on the wall, and she was staring at it.

She looked really uncomfortable and she asked me what it was, I got so nervous and choked up. I turned bright red and explained what it was to her. The rest of the night was awkward, and she didnt even stay to watch a movie.

I took the bulletin board down after she left smashed it into small pieces, and threw it in to the dumpster behind our building.

DB asked me where the board was today and I told him exactly what I did with it. I do feel bad for reacting that way, but I was angry, and the body-count board was bound to be thrown out one way or another. AITA?I am a butch lesbian and for the past 12 years I have had a short, men's style haircut. I'm not talking about a pixie cut that requires a lot of styling and time. My sides are buzzed fairly short with the top a bit longer. It usually only takes about 10- 15 minutes for me to get a haircut. During that time every salon I've gone to has charged me for a full price women's cut. This has always annoyed me and I don't enjoy paying almost double what men with the exact same haircut as me pay.

Recently I moved and yesterday I went to a new shop for my monthly trim and I decided to try something new. I asked if I could be charged the $22 for a men's cut rather than $40 for a woman's cut. The woman at the counter looked like I slapped her. She called a manager and the stylist over and they seemed shocked by the suggestion. They talked about it among themselves and then told me it wasn't possible. I pushed back and explained my reasoning and all they would say was they don't charge by style. 12 years of frustration boiled over and I ended up leaving. I was never rude or mean, but I still feel bad that I wasted a stylist's appointment.

AITA for asking? Leaving? Being annoyed at what I see as a double standard?

I've thought about going to a barber, but I live in a conservative part of the country and I worry about a negative reaction there and every salon I've ever gone to explicitly caters to men as well.Okay hear me out.

So today I took my baby over to my parents’ house for dinner, without my wife. We have a five month old, she’s home with the kid all day while I’m at work and needed a break—so I went with the baby. Works out well for everyone because she can nap, my parents get to spend time with their granddaughter, and I bring her home a doggie bag with dinner.

On the way home, around 10pm, I made a left in a no left. It saves me about 10 minutes because otherwise you have to go all the way around this huge park and then there are a bunch of one-way streets. It’s a no left there because in rush hour it gets clogged up, but this was late at night and the street was pretty quiet: turning left did not worsen traffic or put anyone in any danger.

Of course there is a cop lurking and waiting, and I get pulled over. Here in Ontario, ‘disobey a sign’ is a $100 fine and 2 demerits (guess how I know…).

Baby was sleeping in her car seat in the back. So just as the cop was about to leave her car to walk up to mine, I just for a second turned the radio on fairly loud and on a static channel. Baby woke up and starting screaming. When I rolled down the window, the cop heard a screaming baby and sent me on my way.

Baby was perfectly fine. I gave her the pacifier and as soon as the car started moving she fell back asleep. We’re home now and she’s asleep and perfectly fine in her crib. I felt kind of guilty about the whole situation so I moved $100 (what I would have paid for the ticket) into the kid’s RESP (university fund).

‘My wife was absolutely furious when she found out’ is what I might say if I was a complete idiot and had told her.

AITA?My father in law is the king of passive aggressive comments and passing judgement on other people's lives. He particularly disapproves of the fact that I work, send the kids to daycare, and expect my husband to contribute to the household equally in spite of the fact that he makes more than I do. If my father in law had it his way, I would be waiting on my husband and kids hand and foot at all times. 

His recent tactic of snarky comments has been to say that everything we own or pay for is done with my husband's money. If I buy my husband a gift, FIL says, "Is it really a gift if you're spending his money?" If I pay for my FIL's coffee, he says, "well, really your husband is paying for this." It's annoying and frustrating. I tried being snarky back, didn't work. I tried talking to him about it and he just pretended he didn't know what I was talking about.

The final straw was that my kids have started saying it. I mentioned to my husband that I was going to get my hair cut and my son pipes up with, "so you're going to go waste dad's money on yourself?" and both kids start laughing. My husband told them that they were being rude and they defended themselves by saying that grandpa says it all the time! Apparently he's taken to telling the kids behind my back that I'm wasting my husband's money on myself every time that I buy anything for myself. One of my kids straight up called me greedy and selfish.

I'm livid and I want to ban my father in law from seeing my kids until he admits to what he's been doing, apologizes, and actually stops doing it. My husband is onboard for the most part, but his mother and siblings are telling us that this is just how he is and it's not that bad and we can just teach our kids otherwise. Are we assholes if we kick him out of our kids lives until he stops being such a jerk and poisoning my kids against me?My wife recently decided she doesn't want to give oral anymore. Her reason is that she doesn't like it and so doesn't think she should have to do it. Ofcourse she's right, no one can force her to give oral, and she's entirely within her right to refuse oral to me.

That said, I've always hated having Friday night dinners with my in-laws. My in-laws are nasty judgemental people and for the last 10+ years I've spent almost every Friday night - when I should be relaxing from a long week's work - with people that I honestly detest on some level. Why do I do this? Because it makes my wife happy and I want her to be happy.

So I told my wife that's fine - she doesn't have to, but that I'd also like to stop doing something which I hate - spending every friday with my in-laws.

She says I'm an asshole and that the situations are different. I disagree, we're both stopping something we hate despite it making the other happy. I think we're both within our right to do so and neither of us are assholes.

AITA?I have two sons from a previous marriage ages 8 and 9. I've had full custody for the last three years and it's just the step mom and me now. Their mother is no longer in the picture.

They were so excited about christmas last year. There were many presents for them under the tree from the grand parents and us, and they were constantly checking them out trying to guess what was in them. 

They could hardly wait for Christmas day and begged us to let them open some presents early. So we allowed them to open one present that was gifted to both of them. It was the heaviest package under the tree and you could feel their excitement when I told them they could open it on Christmas eve. They tore into it like a couple savages. I'd wrapped it very well to make it take a little time to get at the goods. 

As the final paper was ripped off the present, the oldest was going like "it's a..it's a" and the final paper came off, "brick". I thought it was hilarious. The looks on their faces was priceless. Unfortunatly they were somewhat upset, tears were shed etc. So we let them open one more present to calm them down.

Am I the asshole for wrapping a brick as a present?Sorry for the formatting, my first ever post and its from my cellphone.  

So a couple of months ago it was announced after 20 years with same company I would be made redundant. This was meant to be a good thing as i could spend the summer holidays with our daughter (5) who had started school for 2 weeks then hit the summer holidays.  I've never had a chance to have time off with her before. Instead my wife announces we are going to China (where she grew up and her parents still live).  She knows I do not enjoy visiting,  especially mid winter.  She talked me in to it by saying we would travel, which I am keen to do, great wall and terracotta warriors specifically mentioned.  Once the trip was booked she says.. "oh we wont be able to see those things the weather makes travel hard, but we will do day trips out to other cities".  Even that I could handle, but the day we arrive she days we wont be doing that either.  What happened was just as I feared (and as usual) I'm left to look after daughter in a small apartment in winter, while my wife relaxes in her old room, watching tv, making models and lego (her hobbies), being pampered by her parents and having lunches with her friends.  I had organised to return 5 days early to home, knowing I would want some time too.  It is now a few days until I leave and she has handede a list of chores to do like wash our house, move furniture, stuff she wants done, and will take most of my time. I said no, she will have had a months holiday doing everything she loves, while my few days are filled by tasks she wants...  I also pointed out she had denied me a month of summer holidays with our daughter (yes ive had lots of time in China with her, but stuck in a small apartment vs parks and playgrounds back home is not even close to the same).  I am now getting the cold shoulder and feel so isolated in a strange boring place.  Am I the asshole for wanting a few days to myself after the last couple of months I've had?

Update:
Hey all thanks for the comments so far.  Just to clarify, I agreed to the holiday believing we would travel out of town.  This is not usual behaviour from my wife, hence I am so caught out, and am unable to travel myself as I can speak very little Chinese. I also have a new job lined up in the new year.

Further update:
Hey all thanks for your comments and feedback.  To clarify, we are staying with my in-laws.  We visit China regularly, and they visit us each Chinese New year, and of course have taken the little one out the the malls and local area.  Major learning for me on description in my posts.  Also we live in the southern hemisphere, hence summer holidays atm.

That said I take on what people say about putting my foot down and could have owned the situation much better.
Have talked it out and agreed to tackle the chores together when everyone is back. Apparently the planned trips fell through and she just majorly downplayed it, falling back in to her comfort zone.  I'll take a more active role in planning our next trips here.

Another update:
Thank you again for the feedback, for those who think this is a bogus post, have added a pic link taken out the window this morning (not that it proves too much, but hey). We are in Shanghai, so not isolated but have done this area to death.  Making the most of what I have (I should have made that clearer) but it is limited, was just annoyed to then be asked to give up my own small amount of time after how things ended up here. As I say above, have now talked it through.

Ok Google drive was folly, open to an easier way to share in future....removed link, not that fussed if not believed.

Last post here.. again thank you it's been great reading the comments and I'm trying to take them all on.  Have a great Xmas all.So my girlfriend and I recently got engaged, and I figured it would be nicer to have her pick out her own ring rather then me guessing what she likes. 
Now I already know my girlfriend loves shiny things, but now she is absolutely adamant that she wants a real diamond ring. Personally I don't like the idea of shelling out so much money for a piece of jewelry with an artificial high price. So instead I offered to buy her one that was lab-grown, as it's way cheaper but also doesn't involve shady business practices and labor. 

Money isn't an issue, it's really about the ethics for me. I do not like the idea of buying her something that potentially harmed someone in the making of it for our wedding. But she thinks I'm being stingy for not buying her a "real" diamond. We've already gotten in a few arguments over this so now I wanted to ask you guys if I should just suck it up or not.So theres not too much to say, I guess I'm more curious in others opinions on this.  I am an approx 22.5 year old man, I recently snagged a really really good job.  I work as a corporate level administrator in the trucking industry.  It's been a pretty sweet gig so far and have no complaints as of yet (2 months in). I would also like to preface the following with saying that I work with a very diverse staff of coworkers who are all as professional as they can be, rarely is it that someone cant pull their own weight. 

About a week ago I was walking through the parking lot to my car after the end of the day, and I was looking at the sunset through the chain link fence.  As my eyes darted around i happened to notice a pink metal plate bolted onto the fence, I thought to myself "woah, what's that and how did i not notice it before?" So i started reading it and I was immediately greeted with slight disappointment.  Basically, it read as follows "FEMALE EMPLOYEE PARKING SPACE ONLY!" with a large symbol in the middle of the sign which is also seen on women's public bathrooms.  

Now, let me clarify I am not "Irate" or "fuming" about it, but I dont really buy into the whole chivalry, white knighting culture that the men of previous generations upheld *fedora intensifies*.  I even asked my fiance when I got home, just to get a female insight on it.  She said she thought it was stupid.  I guess I'm just coming from the territory of you can show that your a diverse company dedicated to equality, without making tedious or unimportant decisions like special parking.  Just my two cents on it though. I stopped by a local coffee place after work today. There was a woman behind me in line with a toddler, the kid was sweet and saying "hello" to everyone in line and genuinely brightened my day. 

While I was standing near the cash register waiting for my order, the woman stepped up and ordered a $4 coffee. I kindly offered to pay and she seemed so grateful and even thanked me twice. Right after, she turned back to the cashier and said, "in that case, you can add two extra shots and a blueberry muffin."

I was so taken aback, I immediately told the cashier that I changed my mind and she could pay for her own order. I walked over, picked up my drink and left without another word. 

AITA for reneging on my offer? 

Edit: I want to thank everyone so much for responding. The only thing I'd like to clarify is that I felt bad about it afterwards. She could have intended to pay for the add-ons, it could have been a joke, etc. I didn't communicate with her very well because I fell into a trap of assuming the worst. If she looked at me expectantly to pay, I would clearly not be an asshole. It was more my quick response of which I was unsure. I’m a “small” chested woman. Not even that small, I like my boobs. There is this “friend” of mine who has like F cup breasts. 

For some reason, she likes picking on my breasts. She is always saying passive aggressive stuff like “well, it’s not like you’ll ever feel real back pain, considering how small your tits are”, one time she picked up my bra when we were in the changing room after gym and said “Do you really fit in this? God your tits are tinier than I thought!”; “Can you really not pick up stuff with your underboob? That’s insane how small they are!”; “How will you nourish kids if you ever have them lmao”; “If I were your boyfriend, I’d be soooo unsatisfied with them”. 

I’m not really confrontational, I just shrugged off her comments and told her more than once they’re not funny. Yesterday it was more, to my liking, a direct insult. I was just minding my own god damned business doing some work when she asked me:

Her: Hey OP, would you use shoes if you had no legs?
Me: Well, depends if I had prosthetics or not. 
Her: But would you if you had no prosthetics? 
Me: I don’t think so, why? 
Her: Then why do you wear a bra? Hahaha they are so small. 

I was tired at the moment. I admit I snapped, I told her “at least my breasts aren’t saggy like a pair of rotten melons.” 

She got angry. Like I just wished death upon her mother; father, and firstborn. She started crying and saying I’m an asshole for picking on such a sensitive subject for her ????? 

My boyfriend thinks I was not an asshole and technically I wasn’t talking about her tits so that’s shit she took upon herself. Some of our mutual female friends told me I should apologize, her boyfriend told me that’s a sensitive subject for her and I should apologize. She sent me a text that she will be mad at me until I properly apologize to her. 

I don’t want to apologize as I think I was not the asshole here. Play bitch games win bitch prizes, or as we’d say in my language, this woman “se lleva y no se aguanta”. 

But why would I be here if it not were to ask beautiful Reddit... AITA?


**EDIT** we are *friends* because we work in the same place and she referred me to the gym we’re working out together right now and the women I’m working out with. I do not share my personal stuff with her nor do I think we have a friendship per se. We are more acquaintances than friends. She does tell me some of her personal stuff but it’s not reciprocated. 

**EDIT 2** also, the “technically I wasn’t talking about her tits” part comes from my boyfriend, not me. I know I went to the jugular with that shit. 

**EDIT 3** Thanks for the silver and gold, kind redditors! I didn’t expect this to get that much attention but here we are. 

I replied to her message saying that I would apologize if she did too. She told me she had nothing to apologize as I *don’t have big tits nor suffer like her* BITCH WHAT. She also started bitching about my boyfriend and how he is a bad influence for me ???? NO ONE EVEN MENTIONED HIM. I think this bitch has a sick crush on me or has her head way up her ass so she tries desperately to not be the one in the wrong. 

I took advise from here too and told her to stop making comments about my breasts or I’d have to go to HR. You know, culturally (in my country) it’s not that of an offense for women to speak about other women’s breasts. She told me I was a crybaby and a weakass softie. 

I’ll post screenshots (with translation) when I’m in my computer so I can edit that shit. Thanks everyone for the support. The computers at my job are fairly crappy and require several minutes to boot. After turning them on I have to wait a couple of minutes for them to get to the password screen, then a few more minutes before they're all loaded up and ready to go. Typically I come in, turn them on, check my phone messages, hit the head (long commute to work) then get going. It's around 5 minutes max. 

&#x200B;

So this morning he calls a meeting and announces that going forward he wants everyone there 10 minutes before their required start time in order to boot their machines and starts citing how much this so-called "time theft" is costing him and etc. I replied that if he wants me to come in at 8:50 instead of 9 that's fine, but the ten minutes has to come off the end of the day unless he's going to pay the 50 minutes of OT a week. I also pointed out that when he opens the building at 8am he could spend two minutes turning on everyone's (three people) computers, which would cut the wait time in half at least. Then I said that my time is as valuable to me as his is to him and even though it's "just ten minutes" they're MY ten minutes, not his and I'm not interested in donating my time for nothing. 

&#x200B;

So he was all pissy all day and everyone else is acting like I'm the asshole but I vehemently disagree. They're work computers and turning them on is part of the job, whether he likes it or not. Anyone else think he's the asshole here?I used to put up fences for a living. My wife and I (both women) recently bought my aunt and uncle's old home. The house has a large back garden with narrow paths along the sides of the house and this leads to a front garden that's about 1/3 of the size of the back, and is half grass and half paving stones. They have neighbors either side with the same set up.

The house is number 85. There is no fence between 85 and 83. 83 has 3 kids under 10 y/o. My back garden has a lot of space to run around, and as there is no fence and my cousins are similar ages to 83's kids, my aunt and uncle often let 83's kids come over and play with my cousins, and 83's kids have continued use the garden after my aunt and uncle left.

I have nothing against kids, nor does my wife, but we have plans for the back garden. These include putting up a shed, maybe a few flowers, and we're starting the adoption process soon so we want our kid to have space to play outside.

I went out and measured the property lines a couple weeks ago, and the husband of 83 came out and asked what I was doing. I explained about the fence, said I would pay for it, and put it up myself, told him about my former job doing exactly this, and asked when would be best for me to do it. He said not to do it at all. I asked why, he said they have a baby and I can't be bashing about with hammers and the like. I said I would try to keep it down but I would like to do this. He then asked why I needed to because things were fine as is. I said it's nothing personal, but I'm putting up a shed, and I just don't want his kids coming onto my property and getting hurt. He then said I can't put up the shed for the same reason as the fence, and I could see we weren't getting anywhere and went back inside.

Then Thursday night I'm coming home from work and I see the dad loading bags into their car. Saturday morning and the car is still gone, and has not been seen since Thursday. I figure they've gone away for the weekend and as the issue with me putting up the fence was the noise for the baby now would be the time to do it.

I bought the fence materials that day. I used wooden posts/panels and gravel to hold it in place. Whole thing was done by Sunday lunch. The fence posts are 1.8m and half of that is underground. These things aren't moving until the end of time. It's on my property and less than a meter tall so I didn't need permission from council or 83.

They got back Monday night and this morning I've woken up to knocking. The husband wants me to get rid of the fence. Says it's an eyesore and he's worried his kids will get injured on it. I tell him it's on my property and it's staying. He says he should have been consulted because it's surrounding his property and his wife hates it and thinks it's really ugly.

Legally I'm in the clear. Morally, am I the arsehole?

Info: it is a picket fence made of a pale wood. It looks clean and polished on both sides but my side is the one with visible building markers, eg there is a nail in my side of the fence. There is no such issue on his side and I am open to painting it.

Edit: In the nicest, most respectful way possible, I built fences as a routine part of my job nearly every day for the better part of 4 years, and have a qualification specifically in putting up various types of fences. Please stop asking me if the fence looks good or suggesting other ways I could have put the fence up. I know what I'm doing.For the sake of convenience, I'll call homophobe 'J'.

J and I used to be friends in school, until I came out as gay and he began to distance himself from me and spread rumors. He then started saying it was gross/wrong etc.

Years pass, and I'm scrolling through Grindr when I spot a faceless torso picture, unmistakably his due to a set of freckles on his chest, the username being his first initial, and the distance from me matching where he lives. His profile states that is hookup only, with no face pictures given.

I think to myself "Oh, he came out, good for him." Then I look at his FaceBook. He's still spouting homophobia, sharing LGBT stories with his own opinions etc, and harrassing LGBT people that he comes across online.

So, WIBTA to tell him if I found his profile and recognized him, many of the people he's insulted could easily find him as well?

Edit: If I do tell him I've seen the account, it will be private through Facebook or Grindr. It isn't anybodies' place to publically out somebody that doesn't want to be out.Last year I took in my nephew, who is now almost 17, after my sister and her husband kicked him out because of his sexuality. I'm a single parent of two kids of my own, 15 year old girl and 12 year old boy, and we live in another state so it was a big transition for everyone but I felt it was important. I should also note that I left the church of latter day saints (Mormon) 8 years ago and moved out of Utah. It's part of the reason I am divorced. 

Anyway, last night I took the kids out to a local carnival and my nephew ran into his "boyfriend" there. I put boyfriend in quotes because they aren't really dating. In my family they would refer to it as "crushing on each other" instead. The "boyfriend" joined our group and my nephew took a picture of him with my two kids and posted it on social media saying "Nothing better than hanging out with the people I love." I thought it was innocent enough. He never said they were dating and you can love your friends, but another one of my nieces saw it and reported it to my nephew's mom (my sister).

My sister is furious. She said that she should have been notified that he was dating. When I told her that they aren't even dating she said that she should have been told they were interested in each other. Here's the thing though. There is no expectation that kids need to tell their parents who they are crushing on and my sister never felt the need to know when she thought her son was straight. Now that she knows he's gay I don't think the rules should change to where she has to know if he has a crush on his friends. 

I also told her that she doesn't really have a say anymore. I have legal guardianship over my nephew. He's living in my home. She kicked him out. She started crying after I said this and told my family so I've been answering phone calls all morning hearing about how awful of a person I am for saying that to my sister. I don't see it but maybe I'm wrong. Should I have told her even though they aren't serious? Was it a low blow to say the things I said to her? Am I the asshole?

Edit: Thanks everyone. I feel like an asshole now for asking this question. It probably seems obvious to many people but this is all brand new to me. Walking away from the church and my ex husband was the hardest thing I ever had to do and I think I still carry a lot of guilt from that. My kids don't get to see a lot of my family or their dad's family because we aren't welcome for walking away. To have my whole family pissed at me again really hurt. I don't know anything about raising a 17 year old in general and am only now getting caught up on what it means to have a gay child so it's a learning process.

Edit2: I completely understand why people think this is a validation post and don't blame the mods if they have to delete this. I want to be super clear that wasn't what I intended to do. When you grow up in the environment I did it's hard to feel confident in any decision you make. Everything I did from the time I started talking to leaving my husband and the church has been questioned. Going against my family automatically makes me feel like I am messing up. When I picked a college they didn't want me to go to and refused to acknowledge or pay for, my first thought was that I messed up. When I divorced my husband and left Utah and my family stopped speaking to me, I thought I messed up. It has taken years to overcome what I have been taught and I am not a confident person. I let my 12 year old join the football team this year and can't stop questioning that. Every decision I make is harder for me than it is for most people. I am sorry if anyone feels like I am being anything other than genuine.Every summer my community has a cookoff competition. Usually about 20-30 individuals or couples try to cook xyz and then they can win a portion of the entry ticket fees while the rest go into the community parks. It's not summer yet but they decided to do it early. This year it was pasta sauce. I've been going to these for years, ever since my wife and I moved here but this is the first time I entered as a competitor. It was earlier today.

One of the other competitors, I know her somewhat (only in passing) is a 15 or 16 year old with Asperger's Syndrome and autism. I don't know much about this condition evidently. I'll call her Jessica. I guess a lot of people got wind of her being a part of the competition that we had news crews here taping her to put on the news. We've never had this before as far as I know.

To make the story short, I won the competition. And $1,500. There's no second or third place prize, it's winner takes all. My wife and I were in shock because I like to think of myself as a decent home cook and take pride in my pasta sauce specifically, but to win a contest? We were tickled pink. 

We celebrated for about twenty minutes when the event organizers came to us. You might be able to guess where this is going, but they asked if we'd give our prize to Jessica as a "gesture of good will". They said they'd get some publicity since news reporters are here. We obviously said no, $1,500 is a lot of money. So they then asked if we'd like to split it, 50/50, with Jessica. Likewise we said no.

I guess some nearby patrons overheard the conversation and chimed in. Apparently we're assholes and jerks for not sharing the prize at least. After a few moments, there might have been 10 other people all clamoring to us about how we're a disgrace to the community, etc.

We had to leave and haven't collected our winnings yet. We're meant to tomorrow from the mayor's office. I can't even imagine what's going to happen tomorrow.

Are we the assholes for not splitting our winnings with a disabled child for a cooking competition?I'm 29, my sister is 27.

We're polar opposites. I've always worked hard and taken risks to succeed. My sister has always slacked off and never put any real effort in to succeed. She tried attending college but spent all her free time partying/smoking pot/sleeping around and ended up failing half her courses in her first year and dropped out. 

Recently she decided she wants to go back to university to become a nurse. She currently works as a cashier at a supermarket so it would be a big step up career wise. Problem is my parents have lost most of their savings due to some very poor choices and can't afford to support her while she studies and help pay her tuition.

On the other hand, I'm currently working as an actuary and have plenty of disposable income. Naturally, my parents think I should support her and pay her tuition while she studies. They say she'll continue working part time and will pay what she can, but I'm basically expected to support her and pay her tuition, or let her stay at my house so she doesn't have to pay rent.

I shut down the idea immediately. In my opinion, her current situation is entirely her own fault for not working hard when she was younger. My GF and I plan on getting married soon and I don't want to waste money on my sister's education.

As you can imagine I'm now seen as the greedy brother who won't help out family... Even though my sister has never done anything to help me.

So yeah, Am I really the asshole here?I (F 22) work part time at my father’s restaurant/deli as a cashier while I’m in school. I’m mixed, so my natural hair is very thick and curly textured and since I stopped keeping it in a protective style, I like to where it out in a semi Afro. One day, a frequent customer (an old man, probably around 70) says, “you are such a pretty girl, you shouldn’t wear your hair like that. You’d look much better if you went to a salon and gotten it straightened out”. 
I said back to him “maybe you should have some hair before you comment about mine”. He’s old, so he’s a bit bald. He called me rude and nasty, then flagged down my dad about it. I got in trouble but I refused to apologize. My dad has also commented on my hair before. I told the customer, “I’m not trying to make it about race but my dad is an older white guy as well, and I’m not white. My hair will never be straight unless I flat iron it”. But I’m not apologizing and I don’t feel bad about saying what I said.Before any of you start freaking out at me, I want to say that I fully support both women and men asking for consent before getting touchy or sexual with another person, and I would never in my life think about treating another person that way. Now that thats out of the way, the AITA moment.  

I've been with my girlfriend for the last 8\~ months.  In this time, we've slept together, been sexual together, and all that jazz.  We've hit a comfortable routine where on friday nights one of us would go to the others place and spend the weekend there.  Our usual routine on the first night is watching some shitty movie or tv show until we realize we don't actually care what we're watching and would much rather make out.  This goes on until one of us decides to start pawing at each others genitals like a cat pawing the bottom of the door while you're trying to use the bathroom.  Things lead into foreplay followed by the usual sex times.   This has been our almost weekly routine for a good 3 months now.  We've been comfortable with each other and very open about our sexual desires and what not.

Now, on this last friday, I went over to her apartment.  We put on some stupid netflix documentary that I can't remember the name of, and about half way through we started tongue boxing.  I got into it, and decided to start touching her, resulting in me getting under her pants.  I do the business and make her feel good.  After this, we just sit there for a minute in the after glow, before she pulls away from me and goes kind of silent.  I try to talk to her because I can tell somethings suddenly upset her but have no idea what, she tries to tell me that nothings wrong.  I tell her that I know when shes upset and if she's not willing to talk with me about it then I should probably just go, so she breaks down and says this.

"I just feel like you kind of use me.  You never ask for my consent before touching me and it makes me feel like an object instead of a person."

Now, of course I understand the sentiment.  I'm not always the most romantic of person, I try to make her feel good and give 110% to her, but I can see where shes coming from.  Still, I was \[visibly confused\] at this statement, and she must have noticed because she huffed and pulled away again and said that I never listen to her.

I point out how we've been dating for months, and that neither of us has asked for consent to touch the other since we first started dating and were just starting to be sexual towards one another.  She gets mad at this and says how it isn't the same for a woman as it is a man.  I tell her how blatantly a double standard that is.  

At this point shes getting angry and borderline yelling at me about this, and says that I'm no longer allowed to touch her in any way unless I ask first and she gives me permission.

I say that it makes no sense for us to be dating and in a romantic relationship if she expects me to walk on eggshells just to try and be intimate with her, and say that shes making me feel like I'm some kind of molester or sexual offender because I want to touch the woman I've been dating for 8 months.

"Well maybe you are!" she says angrily.  At this point, I'm angry, annoyed, and absolutely fed up.  I just say that if thats the way things need to be with her then maybe we just should break up.  She throws a fit over this and starts insulting me, at which time I just leave and go home.

Not five minutes after I walk in my door, shes texting me saying that shes sorry for insulting me and yelling at me, I think it over for a minute and decide that I'm done, text her back that we're through, and go to bed.

&#x200B;

I woke up in the morning to almost 50 texts, most from her either being apologetic or angry, the rest being from friends of hers or her sister calling me an asshole because I "broke up with the perfect woman because I wasn't allowed to grope her whenever I want."

So, Am I the asshole here?  I feel like I'm justified in my reaction and opinions regarding this, but at the same time feel like maybe theres some new wave promoting the virtue of consent that I've missed?  Am I the asshole for thinking that you shouldn't need to ask for consent to touch or feel your partner if you're in a romantic relationship?  

&#x200B;

And before you start yelling at me (even though I'm sure half of you have already started typing) I respect a persons right to say no.  If I touch my girlfriend, or any girl I'm with sexually/romantically for that matter, and they say they aren't interested or aren't in the mood, I'll stop, no question.  I just think requiring consent every time is insane and more damaging to the relationship than anything.  I have two children from a previous relationship. Danielle (11) and Elliot (7). My husband John loves them as his own, but also has a fifteen year old daughter, Alicia, from a previous relationship. We've been married four years, but I've only seen her a handful of times, firstly because she spends of her time with her mother, and also because she attends an elite boarding school for girls, so the opportunity to see her is very rare. 

Over the summer me and the kids went on holiday to Spain for three weeks. John was supposed to come but he was snowed under with work commitments. However, when he told Alicia, she said she's always wanted to go there and she begged him to convince me to let her come, which I did, but her mum had to pay for her flight/place in the hotel. 

It all went well at first, but a problem started when it turned out Alicia didn't pack anywhere near three weeks worth of clothing, meaning that initially she had to borrow some of mine - which were oversized - and then when we went shopping, I couldn't afford anywhere near the sort of clothing she likes, and she cried at having to make do with ''cheap'' stuff. She then phoned up her mum crying saying I was being unfair to her for making her wear clothes that she wasn't ''used to'' She also continuously tried to persuade me to buy her alcohol. 


We had another row when she met some boys from the same country as us in a restaurant/bar. She was cuddling with one of them, and when Elliot was tired and we needed to go home, she tried to stay with them and go back to where they were staying. As her guardian on the trip I was not prepared to allow her to go home with a group of boys we'd never met in a foreign country. She threw a huge tantrum at me about this when we got home, saying what's the point in coming on holiday if I won't let her have fun. 

Finally, Alicia was sulking throughout the journey home, and took to trying to antagonise Danielle, asking her if she's ready to have ''no friends'' once she starts secondary school, calling her ugly and things like that. I stopped this immediately and she sulked even more. 

When we got back I told John how difficult Alicia had been throughout the trip and said that I wouldn't take her on a trip with me again. He insisted that none of what she did was that bad, but I insisted on speaking to Alicia's mum on the phone and telling her everything her daughter had done. She defended her daughter completely and insisted that everything she did was ''what teenage girls do''. I was shocked, but after John and Leanne (his ex) spoke over the phone he has been defending her too, insisting that she's really nice if I get to know her and things like that. 

I've not said that I'll never be in the same room as her again, I've just said that I won't take someone that badly behaved on holiday with me again, but John says that I'm overreacting, and that I should give her another chance, which I have no intention of doing.

UPDATE: Thanks for all these responses they gave me a lot of food for thought. While I still stand by my decision and won't take Alicia on holiday unless John is there with me, a lot of people said that I haven't taken enough time to actually get to know my stepdaughter which to be honest is true, but as said above there are reasons for this. Even though she's a very smart kid (girls have to pass very difficult entry exams to go to that school even if their parents can afford it), I think there are better ways to bring out her potential than boarding school. It is of course Leanne's decision but it isn't something I'd have chosen for her or any of my kids. As some of the comments here have suggested it is entirely possible feels unloved and also unwelcome in our household, which isn't true at all, which is why I told John that I will make the effort to get to know Alicia properly, and actually suggested that we invite her here next time she's home from boarding, and hope to spend as much time with her as I can.Back in 2009 when the economy tanked I lost my job, my car, my apartment, my girlfriend. Basically everything. At first I didn’t want anyone to know what had happened so I stayed at a friends house for a week while I looked for a new job. But his landlord told me guests couldn’t stay for more than 7 days at a time in a 30 day period. So I asked my mother if I could stay with her while I looked for a job. I told her I’d be on the street homeless if she didn’t help me and she still decided to refuse to help me. Fast forward 2 months, I’ve been sleeping on the streets for every night still unable to secure a job. Even something like Safeway or McDonald’s. My dad finds out that I’m homeless and sends me a ticket to come live with him in NJ and I accept. Within a week I have a job and in 3 months I’m in my own place again. It’s been 10 years since then and I haven’t spoken to my mother because of what I perceive to be a betrayal. She attempts to contact me frequently and I ignore it. AITA for cutting her out of my life? 

TL;DR mother let me be homeless and I never forgive her.

Edit: I have already cut ties. I haven’t spoken to her in 10 years. It’s my siblings telling me that I am the asshole that prompted this post.

Edit: people keep asking for her reasoning and all I can say is what she said to me. She said she couldn’t afford to let me stay. But all I was asking for was a place to sleep. Not money, or food. I was getting a small unemployment check and eventually I got food stamps. I could have contributed. 

Edit: I guess I also have to say that I never asked my parents for anything. I’ve earned everything I have. I am not a drug user and I have never been. I don’t drink and I’ve been the most responsible of all the children. Oh and my post should probably be she let me STAY homeless instead of let me be homeless.I own several properties and rent them out. My son is 20 and goes to school near one of the properties (10-unit luxury apartment). It's cheaper to let him live there rent-free than living in the dorms. Obviously the condo is MUCH larger (three bedrooms, 2 bath, gym on-site) private, quieter, etc. I put several conditions on his living there rent-free. Nothing shocking; no smoking (he doesn't), no parties, keep the place clean, turn off the lights when you leave AND no moving people in. A couple of months ago, I noticed that the utilities at the condo skyrocketed because he moved in his girlfriend. His girlfriend was having issues with her roommates. To add insult to injury, this girl moved in her friend who came out to LA to be an actress and had no where to go. I told my son I didn't give a fuck what problems these girls were having - no roommates or he can move out. He lied to me about their moving out. I told him again - no roommates - or leave. He started playing with semantics how they're not really moved in and just spends a night or two. I don't give a fuck. I could be charging 4K a month for the condo (this is Westwood, CA) and by letting them stay there, it puts me at risk of their claiming tenant rights. That could cost me tens of thousands of dollars in lost rent and legal fees. And if that's not bad enough, his girlfriend talks about the condo as if it's "their" condo.

&#x200B;

Rather than fight with him, again, I asked my property manager to begin the eviction process on my son. I treat him no differently than people who don't pay their rent. I told my son I ain't paying for his boarding at school and his ass is going to pay rent if he moves back home. The commute from my house to UCLA is a bitch. He's not 12. I don't owe him anything. He should be kissing my ring for paying for tuition and keeping him on my insurance plan.

&#x200B;

And, no, I am not officially renting out the place to either of them. They don't have money, the credit or respect to qualify to rent one of my properties out.My dad ran off with my mom's friend when I was 12. My mom and my dad never legally divorced.

My mom passed away a few years ago and my dad passed away late last year.

AITA for contesting the will even though he left everything he owned to his girlfriend? They share two young kids I don't have a relationship with.

Where I live, since my parents weren't divorced, I'm the sole legal "heir" to my parents' estates.

I already got a good chunk from my mom and I'm also a medical professional so it's not like I'm hurting for money. My wife also works at a good job.

But the way I see it, it's not my fault my dad never made things official with his girlfriend and she can figure out her own finances.

EDIT: adding this for more context. My dad's estate is mostly made up of the proceeds from the sale of his business. A business he created with my mother. My mother was always upset that the business was taken from her and wanted me to have it.I was dining at an upscale restaurant and the bill came out to $49.82. I pulled out a $50 to pay, and told the waitress I didn't need change. Goes without saying, but I was planning on leaving the rest of her tip on the table. I used to work as a server. I always tip generously. 

The waitress misunderstood my intentions and said "Really?" loud enough for all the other diners to hear. Before I could say anything, she said something like "Woooow- thanks for the generous tip", snatched the payment from the table, and walked away in a huff. All the diners around me were staring daggers at me. It was humiliating. 

I flagged down the manager and let him know what happened. He knows me and knows I'd never stiff servers. 

He offered to comp the meal, but I said it wasn't necessary. I just wanted to let him know what happened and would be on my way. The manager insisted that I was owed an apology. Made sense to me at the time. She apologizes, gets her tip, I leave, everyone is happy. 

When the manager called the waitress over, both of us saw her roll her eyes as she was walking here. As soon as the manager saw this, he put on his "you're about to get fired" face. All the tears and pleading made no difference. It was ugly. People were filming with their cell phones. 

As she was being escorted to the back by some kitchen workers (who probably think I'm the second coming of Satan). The manager insisted on comping our meal and we went on our way. 

When we got home, the wife claimed I was an asshole for making a huge scene out of nothing, and getting that poor girl fired over a simple misunderstanding. I feel like all I did was share a legitimate complaint to the manager. She is the one who escalated it by rolling her eyes at us. Am I being unreasonable? What would you have done in this situation? A few years ago my partner (27M) and I (27F) bought our first home. I had some savings & a sum of money that had come through from a medical negligence case, & my partner had some inheritance money. 

We met our neighbours(68M, 65F) the day we started moving furniture in. The woman demanded to know our landlords name so she could "keep in contact with him" & seemed genuinely offended when we told her we owned the house. She made a shitty comment about how she had to work all her life to buy her house, & we were "too young" to deserve a home

I'm waiting on an organ transplant, so work from home in the meantime. One morning I came home from a quick walk around the block with my dog & noticed their son's car parked across my driveway and blocking mine in. I knocked on the door and politely explained that I need to be able to leave at all times in case of a medical emergency, especially if I'm called in for a transplant. The woman snapped at me that she doesn't like people parking next to her because it makes her drive "look messy". Her son did move the car, but called me selfish & a snowflake as he did so. 

Once she hammered on my door and told me to "shut (my) dog up because he's been barking all day" even though he was at the vet and had been for a few days. About a month after that, I noticed my dog eating something in my garden. I went over to investigate, & saw he had a chocolate bar in his mouth & had eaten most of it. I found a few more empty wrappers scattered along the fence between my yard & the neighbours', immediately called the vet. I'm pretty sure it was my neighbour, but I don't have solid proof so I can't say anything.

More than once I've caught her trying to steal our post from the postman. I just don't get *why*.  A lot of it is just stuff I need for work (printer paper, sticky notes, etc) with no real monetary value, or medical stuff and non-prescription supplements that are pretty specific to my illness and no use to anyone else. There's literally nothing to be gained from taking it.

Her husband is racist and homophobic, and uses the P-word, N-word,& F-word all the time. He also really hates children. Last Halloween he threw a bucket of water over a group of trick-or-treaters. when the parents came over to complain they pretended they weren't home. 

We've been thinking about extending our kitchen just a little to make it a bit more accessible for me. Somehow in the process, we found our the neighbours' own extention was done illegally. They'd been denied planning permission, but they built it anyway. During the process, they'd also caused some aesthetic damage to our property. A really petty part of me wants to report them, because they've been needlessly nasty for *years*. They would be forced to have it taken down AND pay for the repairs to our house.

Tl;Dr WIBTA for reporting my asshole neighbours after enduring years of their shitty behaviour?Basically what the title says.

I work at a gas station, have for over a year. It's got a small subway inside, and we have a staff of 8 on the gas station side. Subway has a staff of 10.

Our assistant manager on the gas side was diagnosed with cancer and as it usually happens shaved her hair when it began falling out from the chemo. 

Everyone in the store has decided to shave their heads in support. Everyone. Both gas station side and subway side. I'm the only one who wont and I'm being treated very passive-aggressively. I'm getting snide comments Time to time, when customers ask why everyone shaved their heads all my coworkers give sarcastic responses clearly aimed at me. 
It's been a few weeks and I'm getting frustrated.  I've mentioned it to my manager and she gave me something how they're frustrated that not everyone seems fully committed to wishing our assistant manager good luck. 

I'm a  27 year old guy. I havent cut my hair in 5 years other than basic trims to remove dead ends and groom it. I'm proud of my hair. I've only cut my hair once since I turned 18. I know it sounds stupid but I am very proud of my hair. I suffer from major depression and my hair is the one thing in my life I feel I have control over, if that makes any sense. Plus I have never found a short hair style that made me feel comfortable or one I felt I looked good in.

Tl:dr AITA for not cutting my hair along my coworkers to support a coworker diagnosed with cancer. Coworkers seem to treat me like oneI guess it should be are “we” the assholes, but idk if that’s an accepted acronym here. 

Apologies that the line up is a bit complicated but I’ll try to lay it out as best I can. 

My family is going on a group vacation this summer. We are pooling our resources to rent a nice property on the beach for a week. My husband and I are (unfortunately) taking the lead on planning and organization. 

It will be me, my husband and our two kids, my brother, his wife, and their 3 kids, plus my parents. (Kids’ ages range from 3 to 9). In addition, my sister, her husband and their girlfriend are invited.

We initially only invited my sister and her husband,  but my sister insisted that their girlfriend (who I think they’ve been dating for 9 months or so) be included as well. 

My sister is in a polyamorous relationship and, although my family and I don’t get all of the nuances, we have tried to be understanding. So as a compromise we said that her girlfriend could come, but we asked that everyone  please refrain from any PDA in front of the kids. We were planning to just refer to the girlfriend as a friend of the family. 
My sister was not happy with this suggestion and is now, once again, saying that she will not go on the trip under these circumstances. 

At this point, everyone else is exhausted with the subject and all for letting her exclude herself from the trip. I’m conflicted though. She’s my sister and I obviously love her. But I also think my other family members are trying their best in a touchy situation. 

Are we wrong?Wife and I got married as widowers. My late wife and daughter passed away in an accident. My daughter was only 1 when she passed away. My current wife had 3 yo twins when we got married. The girls are 15 now.

So, yesterday when wife and I were watching a movie, she told me that the girls were planning a surprise for me on their birthday. And when I asked her what it was, she told me that they wanted me to adopt them. I was really happy, because it meant that I had done a good job, but unfortunately I cannot adopt them. I'm actually glad that my wife told me that. A surprise would have caught me off guard. 

The thing is, my wife and I had discussed about this when they were young. I made it clear that I didn't want to adopt anyone or have more children. Call it coping up with my daughter's death or whatever, but I've never felt comfortable thinking about it. My wife is now asking me to say yes. 

I've been there for them and I'll always be there for them. I love them but I don't think I'll be comfortable adopting them. WIBTA here?https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c2oyc4/aita_for_being_upset_that_my_son_didnt_tell_me_he/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;utm_name=iossmf

I have been doing a lot of reflection on my actions over the past months since my post, including taking into account all of the advice I was getting from my last post.

I have decided to get therapy (which I probably should have done a long time ago I acknowledge) and work on my issues so I can start to be the father to Jack that he deserves but never had.

I reached out to him a few days ago to express this to him and he said that while he appreciates that I’m trying, it’s going to take him a long time to get over all the bullshit I put him through but that he is willing to try. 

He is honestly such an amazing kid and even though his mom and I don’t get along at all, I will say she did good in raising him. 

We have a plan to talk every other day on the phone along with some in person visits and if he feels up to it, I would like to invite him and his boyfriend out for dinner sometime.

I know I have a lot of work to do but I’m trying to be a better man. That includes staying sober. Maybe even my two sons could be friends one day. 

I just wanted to update and say thanks.No throwaway because I actually don't care if he sees this. 

Basically, my SO said he wasn't willing to get a vasectomy just in case we break up and he wants to have kids with another woman.

I've been solely responsible for contraception for the entire length of our relationship (the pill) and I don't want to take hormonal BC anymore because it murders my sex drive. Yes I've tried other things. I can't use condoms because they hurt. All brands. 

I am scheduled to have a sterilisation so it's moot point but it's something I'm doing for the both of us, not just me. 

He tells me he doesn't want or can't handle any more kids. 

So why does he need to hang onto his precious fertility? It was just discourse, I don't expect him to do it but that answer has actually crushed me. It shows a lack of faith in our relationship and that he has an eye out for the long game. 

Am I the asshole for telling him he's an utter knob for that response?

Edit: guys, I've never asked him to do this. He volunteered this information during a conversation about my impending sterilisation. I have NOT asked him to snip his junk.Throwaway because I have to use my brother's laptop after the incident.

I (18f) have just started university and after two years of saving up, I splurged on a £2000 ($2600) HP Spectre with the highest specs. I treasured the laptop, it was my baby. I used it for all of my uni work, gaming, watching shows, everything really.

Now, my step dad is a horrible person. He's always complaining about what I spend my money on and spent all of my time working trying to get me to quit so I wouldn't be able to spend so much money. He's always had it in for my laptop and my phone that I paid a lot for.

I should also mention that I don't live with him, so what I spend my money on makes no difference to him.

Anyway, I've just come home for easter break and my step dad has destroyed my laptop. I don't know how this happened exactly, but he sat on it, put it on the floor when he realised, and then stood on it when he got up. I could tell by the smug look on his face that he meant to do it and he wasn't remorseful in the slightest. When my mum was out of the room, he's made it clear I deserved it and hasn't stopped joking about it. He's also 'jokingly' said my phone is next.

My mum has forced him to apologise and she also made him agree to buy me a new one, as hes literally destroyed this one beyond repair. I'm already super upset about losing my games (but thankfully my work was backed up).

However, he's saying he can't afford to replace the laptop over £500. I understand that £2000 is a lot of money, but he broke it on purpose, and I spent so long saving. I've made it clear that if he doesn't replace it with the same specs and nothing less I will be either pawning his television, watch, old laptops, whatever or going to the police. My whole family thinks this is awful of me as this would be extremely hard for my family.

So, I know I'm not the asshole for the broken laptop. But am I for accepting nothing less as a replacement?

&#x200B;

EDIT: I just want to say thank you guys so much for all the well wishes and advice. Let me clear a few things up as well:

\- unfortunately, the laptop is snapped in half by my whale of a step parent, so there's no chance of repairs

\- also, I know I'm not TA for asking for the replacement, I just know how much my family will struggle to pay me back this amount and my main concern is whether I'm wrong to do that to the rest of them :(I'm 28F, my roommate is 29F and is a single mother to an 8 month old.

We both contribute to rent equally, but basically all of the kitchenware is mine. I had it all before she moved in and we agreed before she moved in that we'd share them because she only gets so much money a month and it would be impossible to get her own kitchen stuff. It's no big deal to me, but at the time, her child was exclusively bottle fed.

Now her kid eats rice cereal or oat cereal. I don't know how many people here are parents or whatever but this is the most vile stuff to smell. She mixes this porridge like sludge half and half with formula. It begins to smell immediately and after an hour? I've thrown up before from the smell. But whatever, kids gotta eat.

My problem is my roommate doesn't wash these dishes. She'll make this oatmeal stuff, feed it to her kid, then leave half of it remaining in the bowl in the sink, oftentimes when I'm at work. After 2-3 hours, it turns into cement basically, and our dishwasher won't clean it. I always have to clean it because she's busy with her kid. Try as I might to get her to *just rinse it after use* so it can be put in the dishwasher, it falls on deaf ears. I even asked if she'd get tiny plastic bowls to make it and she said she can't afford it (a 5-pack is only like $5 and are dishwasher safe)...

After about a month of this, I've begun just throwing them out. Instead of cleaning them, I throw my dishes away. We have no bowls now, she can't prepare this stuff in a plate. She's started using my cups to make it and I'll be throwing those away, too. It is nothing to me to replace these things and when I do, I'll be keeping them hidden.

Am I the asshole or going overboard?For context, I am really into body building and have been going to the gym 3-4 times a week since I was 13 (now 29).

There is a personal trainer, Ashley, at my current gym thats also a single mother of two. I mention this as it’s the reason I think I’m probably an asshole since she clearly needs the job to support her kids.

Anyway, I’m not really friends with her, but she’s always really nice to me and has flirted with me a lot previously. We talk occasionally. Yesterday she asked if I wanted to add her on social media and I figured why not, so I said yes.

Later in my workout I started looking through her posts out of boredom when I saw a picture of a morbidly obese person along with a caption making fun of them trying to run. The picture was clearly taken at the gym.

This really angered me because they’re trying to improve their health, and the last thing they need is some attractive young girl talking shit about them, even if it’s not to their face. I scrolled through a few more posts and sure enough this is a regular thing. She discreetly takes pictures of fat people to make fun of when they’re working out.

Really really pissed me off to see these people being made fun of for trying to fix their life. Without thinking I just went straight to the owners office (we know each other well) to show him. Ashley was fried immediately.

When I told my GF she said I’d let my anger get the best of me because now her kids will suffer if she can’t find another good job. So now I feel kinda shit about doing that, AITA?I hate when people blare music in public, even if it’s music I like. I really don’t understand why idiots have to loudly play music in front of everyone. I see these people almost daily on my commute on mass transit and it’s been annoying the hell outta me. It’s one thing to be listening to loud music in your earbuds, it’s another blaring Fetty Wap from a portable speaker on a bus. 


Lately, I’ve been making a point to carry around a couple crappy earbuds. Whenever I hear someone blasting music phones/portable boom box I loudly say “It must suck to not even afford earbuds, here have a pair on me.” and offer them the crappy earbuds.  My SO thinks I’m a cunt for doing this.My daughter is 17 months old. Being that she is a toddler, she would live in just her diaper if she could. When she's at home, we let her run free, and thus, most of our pictures are of her in just her diaper.

My mother posts a lot of my daughter's photos on facebook, which I don't mind, but she is constantly editing little heart or smiley face stickers over my daughter's nipples. To me, this just seems really creepy and sexualizing, since my daughter's nipples are no different than my nephew's, who's uncensored photos are also all over my mother's facebook. Something about it really rubs me the wrong way, but when I addressed it with my mother, she told me the pictures were inappropriate for her friends to see without the stickers covering her up. So I told her not to post any more pictures of my daughter. AITA?Basically, I think everyone’s overreacting.

I’m 23 and I got incredibly drunk at a party two weekends ago and ended up with alcohol poisoning. I do relatively drink a lot, but only in social settings. 

I spent the rest of weekend in the hospital recovering. It was a one time stupid mistake. 

Yesterday, I went over to my parent’s house for dinner. 

When I walked in, they were all sitting in the living room with somebody I’d never seen before.

I asked what was going on and my brother told me to sit down. I did and the man I didn’t know started talking. 

To summarize, he said that my family was worried for me and wanted me to go to treatment.

I got upset and said that everyone was being over dramatic and that this was ridiculous. I said that I realized that I had made a mistake drinking that much but this was overkill. I stood up and walked out at that point. 

My mom ran out after me with the interventionist and said that they only did this because they loved me. 

I said that everyone was acting crazy and I hopped in my car and went home. 

My brother has been texting me begging me to reconsider but I haven’t answered. 

Everyone is crazy overreacting. Getting that drunk is not a normal thing for me. It just happened once and I regret it. I have a good job and I look after myself. I don’t think I need rehab or that intervention. 

That said, maybe I did handle the intervention the wrong way. I maybe could’ve responded in a way that made them feel better instead of blowing up. 

AITA for walking out?I am getting married in a few weeks and have my bridal party primed and ready, but had a huge disagreement with one of them yesterday. 

Her name is Tara, and she is stunning. She's legit the prettiest out of our entire group. Absolutely gorgeous. However, there is one issue. Tara has terrible vision. She needs very strong glasses and even with them on her eyesight is bad. She gets the lenses thinned down as much as possible and even then they are so thick you can't see her eyes behind them. Her eyes can't tolerate contacts.

In our ''bridal meeting'' yesterday, I asked if it was possible for Tara to take off her glasses during the main photos. I wasn't saying this to be cruel. I'd never ask her to take them off during the wedding party and walk around blind, but I'm just asking her to take them off during photos. Without those glasses she's absolutely breathtakingly beautiful, way more than me, but with them on her eyes look weird and distorted and would take all the attention away in the photos for all the wrong reasons.

I brought this up with her but she got really huffy and sulky, told me to try on her glasses so I could see what she would be seeing during the photos if she took them off. I did and it was horrible, but I could stomach it for a few minutes to help out a friend and think she's being really unreasonable. She left early and the rest of the bridal party got at me for asking something so ''horrible''. I don't think it's an unreasonable thing to ask. I'm doing her a favour. Without the glasses she'll easily be the hottest bridesmaid so I would have thought she'd be OK with it.Here is a link to the original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bxpblv/aita\_for\_following\_my\_42m\_wife\_27f\_around\_for\_an/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bxpblv/aita_for_following_my_42m_wife_27f_around_for_an/).

If you don't want to read it, here's the summary...I believed my wife to be having an affair with a coworker who had repeatedly appeared in her pictures and conversations. So, one happy hour, I followed her. Even though I had seen nothing definitive, I confronted her about the issue, and she threatened to end things with me.

Believe it or not, I listened to your advice. I received extensive advice from both sides. Publicly, everyone agreed I was at fault. In my direct messages, many fervently believed me to be in the right. Regardless, I sat down and talked to my wife about my insecurities concerning her coworker, Brandon. I told her I did not feel as attractive as Brandon and worried that as I was getting older, her interest in me was waning. I also asked her if she felt financially stable in the relationship. I apologized for following her and told her I would never do it again.

She told me several things. First, that she was offended I did not trust her. Second, that she did suspect Brandon had feelings for her based on some of his interactions and comments. Third, that she sometimes felt isolated by my work and never felt motivated one way or the other by my income. The thing about programming is it is hard to explain my work to someone who does not program.

She also told me my physical appearance and aging had no impact on her feelings towards me. She reaffirmed that she loved me and would never throw away our marriage for a divorced coworker.

So, what of our future? I asked her if she still wanted to be with me or if she could not see a future with me after I had followed her. She joked that she would forgive me after drinking a few cocktails at a tropical resort. She told me that in addition to the stalking, the cocktails would also help her forget about all of my past rants about various programming languages (Java, specifically). I haven't told her yet, but I plan to surprise her with an all inclusive package to the Maldives, or some other island young women enjoy that I never heard of until researching...

TL;DR - My wife and I are back on track. Thank you, genuinely.

Thank you to the kind user who helped me figure out how to create this update post.My side of the family is very close and ~~my~~ our niece (call her N) is getting married in a few months. The ceremony is halfway across the country and I've been saving for several months so our family of 5 can fly out for it. The venue is upscale and beautiful.

The ceremony will be a formal-ish event (she said it fits most closely with the ["cocktail" definition here](https://www.theknot.com/content/wedding-guest-attire-cheat-sheet)). 

Husband doesn't *dress up*. He wore a tux for his best friend's wedding when he was 20 and that's the last time he's worn a tie. He wore jeans and a casual sport coat for our wedding (That was fine with me - it was his wedding too and the ceremony was immediate family only).

When I broke the news about N's wedding, adding that we'd rent a suit instead of making an otherwise useless purchase, he said "No. I'm not wearing a suit. I guess I'll be the only one there not in a suit."

I told him that if he won't wear the appropriate attire then he can just stay home and everyone will know that he's a whiny butt baby who thinks his personal preference is more important than a special family event for someone he says he loves. I added "Nice priorities there, honey."

* My mom and brother (N's dad) said YTA - just ask N if she cares, but they're sure she won't.
* N's mom says I'm NTA, but my delivery could have been better (I disagree - it was perfect for my husband).
* I don't have very many friends to ask, and I'm NOT asking N. Weddings are stressful enough without worrying about inconsiderate guest questions.

What do you think?

Edit: This got bigger than anticipated. And my very first silver and gold! Thank you all! I don't know how I'll get through all your responses, but I'll do my best.

I really don't care that he's jeans, t-shirts and boots. We live in small town in the Midwest. Preachers and undertakers wear suits here.

I just need him to not be so inflexible on something so stupid. You'd think I was asking him to kick puppies or cannibalize small children.

Last Edit: I shouldn't have posted his uncensored pic. I removed the link, but we all know the internet lives forever. So I'll fess up about this entire post, but won't be bitchy about it.I have a wife (Wilhelma, 40) and two sons (Sam, 17, and Scott, 16).  6 years ago, I ran to the gas station to buy some cigarettes.  Instead of abandoning my family (just a joke) I decided to also buy a lottery ticket for everyone, just for fun.  It was a blast.  We all talked all night about what we would do with our winnings, where we would go, etc.  I mean, this was all fantasy anyway, right?  But I specifically told my kids that they would have to share their winnings, and they would have to put it away for college first and foremost.  Well wouldn't you know it, Sams ticket won.  Of course its actually MY ticket, and I had to claim it.  It didn't win the jackpot, but after taxes we walked away with $60k.  I sat them both down and explained that I was going to save it all for college, but we could celebrate/splurge a little.  They absolutely wanted a gaming system, and Wilhelma insisted on a family vacation that was much needed.  We all agreed on this, and saving the rest.

&#x200B;

I bought the gaming system and a bunch of games for about $1k.  Wilhelma took over the vacation and insisted on a Disney World trip.  The boys don't even like Disney, but it was always Wilhelma's dream to go so we went.  Another $5k.  Last year, Sam wanted a car.  Wilhelma was pretty tired of chauffeuring them around anyway, so I agreed and spent "his" $4k on a car.  I pay the insurance, registration, and maintenance under the agreement that he takes over driving Scott to his stuff as well.  Wilhelma had no complaints about any of these purchases.  

&#x200B;

Since day 1, I've actually invested the entire winnings and never dipped into it.  I've always spent my OWN money on all this stuff.  I have invested better than average, and that $60k is now $100k.  Wilhelma knows I have always invested our money, but it was always small amounts since we're poor.  She knows I was investing the lottery winnings as well.  I've always told her about the money doing well, but I guess I never explicitly said how well.  She also has never asked, as she has left our finances completely up to me.  

&#x200B;

Sam is starting college in a few weeks, and we figured out a plan to stretch his $30k over the 4 years.  While looking at the portfolio, Wilhelma noticed it was at $100k and asked how.  I told her I invested the $60k and grew it to $100k.  She then asked why we're only giving Sam $30K when it should be $50k.  I said no, the other $40k is mine.  I managed this account, I made the investments, I did all of the work.  Plus I paid for all that other stuff through our other savings. The $40k stays and I'll keep investing it.  If the boys NEED the money, its there, but if not I'm gonna eventually retire a little early with it.  She thinks I'm stealing "his" money since I wouldn't have been able to invest with it if I didn't have it to begin with.  I say its always kinda been my money, and I'm still giving him the $30k I promised him since the beginning.This past Friday, my girlfriend and I had a small get together at our apartment where I proceeded to get very drunk. I'm not a very experienced drinker. My girlfriend put me to bed early in the night. The next morning, I wake up very hungover and thirsty. I see that there is a water bottle on my night stand with a sticky note that says "water" on it. I thought this was weird at the time, because what else would it be? Very thankful that I didn't have to get up to get water, I proceed to chug the "water" only to quickly realize that it was actually vodka and then vomit all over our bed. At that point, my girlfriend woke up and was very angry at me. 

I felt very bad, I didn't realize at the time that my girlfriend had left the bottle there, so I got up and cleaned everything up even though I felt like dog shit. She denied putting the "water" there so I just thought one of our friends did it. It was a shitty thing to do, but I got over it until later that day one of the people there that night tagged me in an Instagram video of my girlfriend basically setting up the prank. It shows her pouring vodka into a water bottle and saying how funny it's going to be while her friend filming it is telling her she's being a dick and she just laughs and says "hair of the dog" then howls.

I confronted my girlfriend about this and she thinks the video is hilarious and sees no problem with it. I told her if she really didn't remember doing this, then she has a drinking problem. It was a very cruel thing to do. She said I was overreacting and being sensitive.

Edit: I really don't think she lied. I think she probably did it in a blackout.sister, teri
sisters bf, tom

so I'm most likely the asshole but here we go. 

so my sister started dating this guy 2 years ago, everything was fine until last week. 

now a few dates in Tom tells her that he is a father to a boy and a girl and that he has custody of them every 3d weekend and whenever he wants during the holidays. 
teri was ok with this surprisingly as she is subbed to heaps of child free pages. 

last week I found out that they wanted to move in together, he was looking for 2 bed places so the kids have a room.
I thought that she would be fine with this, turns out she is not. 

she complained to me a few days back that she hated that the kids had to tag along and that she hopes he looses custody of them so they can have more one on one time. I asked her if she was joking and she replied. no why would I want fucking crotch goblins living with me. I then repeated so it's a joke right? and she said no. 
so I asked her why she is moving in with someone who has kids, and her response was, he is hot. 

I told her that she should break up with him if she hates the kids so much as they are a package deal and she got mad at me and left. 

I then got a message where she sent me a photo of some weed and the caption, custody no more. (he has monthly drug tests)

I automatically called him and let him know and provided proof with the photo. 

tori is now a single woman and is fucking pissed at me, my mum has also taken her side and now I'm regretting it. 

AIta?For context, my mother and father divorced over 20 years ago. They did not have a good relationship and I believe that my mother still suffers mentally from their marriage, divorce, and child custody battle. I know that my father put her down a lot and dragged her through the mud (very publically too.) 

In July, my father passed away very suddenly and very quickly. It was an absolute shock to everyone. Funeral arrangements were quickly made and my mother called my step-mother to ask if it would be okay if she attended the funeral. My step-mother said it was fine, she can even sit up the front in the family section to be with us kids if she'd like to. (Also context, me and my two older siblings are all in 20s.) 

Now, at the funeral my mother felt she didn't need to sit with us but sat toward the back of the church. The funeral was fine, we marched him out to the car (he was being cremated, not buried) and then we all went back inside to have refreshments and talk about him, I guess? 

So, during the refreshments, I went into the bathroom and while I was in the stall I could hear two women chatting about why my mother was there. Talking about how she had no right to be there, how would my step-mother feel about it, and that she doesn't belong. I finished up my business, walked out to the sink area where they were standing, and said, "you need to shut the fuck up about my mother and mind your own fucking business." 

I left the bathroom in disgust, went to the pub with my siblings, and had a beer to celebrate the life my father lived. 

The funeral happened back in July but I recently ran into one of the women I berated and she told me that she didn't say anything at the funeral because she knew I was upset about my father but that she now feels like she's owed an apology because I "unreasonably rude" I told her that I had nothing to apologise for and that if she wanted to gossip about my mother, she should have done it after she left the funeral. She was a bit rude and insisted she said nothing wrong, she was just voicing an opinion. I asked her if she'd like to voice those opinions to my mother and she shut her mouth and walked off. 

So, Reddit, was I being an Asshole?Whenever my girlfriend and I disagree, she ends up crying until I finally give in because she won’t stop. 

For example if we want to go to dinner, she says she wants Chinese, I say I had Chinese for lunch let’s have Indian. She says she really wants Chinese I say I’d really rather not. She starts crying and says I don’t care about her feelings. I inevitably end up having Chinese. 

The thing that takes my cake is that yesterday was my birthday and the day before that we were deciding what to do for it. I said I wanted to go to to the Met and get lunch there. She says she doesn’t really want to do that and I say it’d be nice if we could for my birthday. She starts crying and we end up going to her moms house for my birthday.

Today she called me and said she wanted to go shopping and I said no, she starts crying and I finally get fed up and tell her she can’t just cry whenever she doesn’t get her way and that I’m not going. She then cries more and says that I don’t care about her, so I just hang up. She’s blown up my phone with texts.

AITA?Hey reddit,

I was best man for my brothers wedding, the maid of honor was his brides sister.  I am 24m while the sister (katie) was 20f.  We really hit it off right away.  We study the same subject in school, shes witty and funny and we got along really well.

Day of the wedding my brother and dad pull me aside and give me strict orders not to talk or initiate anything with katie.  I said that would be hard as we literally walk up the aisle together.  He said that was fine but other than that no contact, he then turned to me and said "This is my day, I can tell you like her by the way you guys, stop being so selfish bro and be a good brother for once in your life" This shocked me as we had a good relationship but i get he was stressed.

Wedding was going well and I obeyed them for the first part of the day, she wanted to dance but I said no.  She looked hurt and confronted me when I was getting a drink.  She said "We were having so much fun before the day of the wedding, what changed?  I really like you and want to get to know you better, do you feel the same way"?  I said yes, and apologized and we danced.  

My dad forcibly tried to pull me off the dancefloor but i ignored him,  I got a text from my brother during the party that I was not to talk to her.  I replied dude wtf i get its your day but whats the deal?  We ended up making out after my brother left with his bride to the hotel.  We went back to the hotel holding hands, and laughing and we finally kissed.  Well we had sex in my room and i got her number and we are going to have a real first date this week.

I got a text from my brother later that day that his new wife told him what happened and he was extremely angry and couldn't believe I was so selfish.   My dad threw a fit when he found out and said he won't pay for my wedding when it happened.  I told him idc because i have a good job now.  I feel bad tho, did I ruin the day for my brother AITA?Belated update to a post that was largely considered trolling, but wasn't. 

I won't lie when I say that I immediately ignored the majority of you telling me I was the asshole. Or maybe ignore is the wrong word. I think I expected that from the get go, so being told I "peaked in high school" and "should get fucked along with all the plastic cheerleader wannabe SAHMs" rolled off my back. But, there were a few of you that did make me think long and hard about my relationship with my daughter and what sort of model (haha) I was setting for her. There was one comment in particular that's been sort of lost to the flood (if you can find it, I'd surely appreciate that) that mentioned my writing and how well it read, almost like a book.

Maybe it's self absorbed, but that's really what made me stop for a moment. I've had to sacrifice a lot to get my family where they are today. I won't get into details because I'm sure it would be boring and pretentious and might make you all feel that I'm just trying to garner sympathy after being such a bitch, but it did involve giving up my dreams in order to make sure there was food on the table. I gave myself some time and space to think and realized the problem stemmed from me, not her. (Surprise) I was bitter that everyone else seemed free to chase their passions when I had to work at things I hated for the things we needed. It seemed childish to me to be so selfish as to enjoy your free time when you could be making an effort for your family instead. That's neither here nor there but it definitely wasn't my daughter's fault that I was so resentful. 

I like to think she was relatively unaware of my concerns with her hobbies (I never voiced my opinion one way or another and always drove her to Michaels) but I can say with certainty that our relationship has only improved in the last few months. I helped her build a miniature restaurant last Saturday and I've got a fun little carnival on my nightstand as I type this. I can't regain the time I've lost, but I can make sure she doesn't have to live the life I'm currently living.

Thanks for everything.I am in my second to last year of high school and last year I found out that my dad was cheating on my mom with an employee of his. I told my mom because I knew my dad would never own up himself, and they got divorced. During the divorce, my mom was having a hard time coping and turned to drugs, and she got found out, now my dad has custody and I only have visits with her. 

It's all been really hard on me, and on my mom, and I resent my dad and how everything seemed to work out for him. He's married his employee and she's pregnant and living with us.

Anyway, I've been polite to her because I don't want to screw myself over and make my dad too angry to pay for college. But it's the kind of "nice" I put on at my customer service job, a smile and pleasantness, but not actually getting to know her personally. It's hard for me to even do that, it's like a lot of emotional labor that I don't want to be doing in addition to school and work.

Like for example, the kinds of stuff I'll say...

If she asks me about school, I'll be like "It was nice, we had a nice lecture on genes in class" or she asks me about my teachers and I'll be like "they're nice, they all seem very smart" or she'll ask me about a movie I saw and I'd be like "It was good and funny" 

Just like trying to be positive and polite. But last week, she lost it at me and was like "Why is everything NICE with you? How's school? NICE. How's work? NICE. Your father says you hate your science teacher, but all you ever say to me is that everything's NICE like a broken record" and I was like "sorry. I really do mean it, school has been good" 

Anyway, later my dad talked to me and said not to play dumb, he knows I don't really think all my teachers are nice, don't like the actor in the movie I saw, don't really mean all the stuff I'm saying. And he and his wife can tell, and it's hurting because they both want me to be genuine.

I said "ok I'll try" but TBH it is tiring enough for me to just be polite let alone genuine. Plus I feel like I'm genuine, and talk about what's actually on my mind, such as my mom, and being worried about her, it will go over even worse

WIBTA to not tell my stepmother more?Throwaway for obvious reasons.

I got married last Saturday. Hooray for me! My sister was my maid of honor. During her speech, she brought up her depression and how my husband supported her through it and how “in that moment, I knew he was the one for throwaway...” (so cliche!). I thought her speech was really selfish. I think it’s super inappropriate to bring up a mental illness during a wedding speech. Not only that, but the entire speech was about her. At MY wedding. 90% of the guests congratulated her afterwards and talked about how “strong” she was. Nobody was paying attention to me, at my own wedding! Sorry if I sound selfish, but IMO there is a time and a place for this sort of thing. So after the guests all greeted her, I asked her to leave and told her she was being disruptive and selfish. She was really upset but just left without arguing. My parents agree with me. but my husband and all of my close friends think I was way too harsh. AITA?so my birthday was 3 days ago, mum asked me last month my plans for it and I said that I would love for me mum dad and brother to go to a nice restaurant and have dinner, she agreed and thought it was a great idea. 
I made a point of saying that all I want is us to celebrate ny birthday and I do not want anyone else to join us. 

I get a text from my mum to tell me to get to her place at 5 (this was 2 days ago) and so I got ready and headed off. I get to the house and noticed that the lights where all off but walked in anyways. all I hear is SURPRISE and around 20/30 people leap out to surprise me. 
when I looked around the room I noticed that most of the people who where there where not my friends but my mums friends, like people from her church and job. 

I looked quite shocked and pulled mum to the side and told her how much I did not want this and asked her why her colleagues and friends were at MY birthday party, she claimed that she wanted more people to surprise me. so I asked if we were going to head to the restaurant and she told me that we would be having a bbq here. 

I said nope and walked out the door got in my car and drove home  

I ruined the party and my mum has been a trainwreck. 

did I fuck up?,Please excuse the bad formatting as i am on mobile.
For back story i grew up with my brother i (25f) and him (31m) so i know he can be challenging. I have always tried to have patience with him as i know he can't help doing some things due to his autism.
So this weekend i said him and my sister could stay at my house (the live over 4 hours away) i took the day off work to prepare for them despite needing the money. My sister calls around the time they should have been arriving to say my brother is throwing a fit and no longer wants to come to family Christmas. I understand i know how hard traveling and not having a set schedule is for him.
Fast forward 5 hours they finally show up at 11pm.
The second he walks in the door he starts screaming for me. I run over to see what he needs and if he's okay. He immediately ask where he can plug in his laptop and starts gaming. 10 minutes later he's complaining my house is to cold. I already have the heater higher then i want it and everyone else in the house is comfortable. So i give him an extra blanket and go to bed. He stayed up all night playing loud games and kept me awake. I asked him to go to bed multiple times. Then at 6am he comes in my room without knocking and ask for breakfast. I tell him to make cereal because i need sleep. I hear him scream and low and behold he has dropped my good glass mixing bowl on the floor and there's glass and milk everywhere. I'm 5 months pregnant have no sleep am hot (he turned my thermostat up to 82) and now have to clean this mess. I clean it up shower and tell him to be ready to leave in 20 minutes for my grandparents. My sister (22f) gets him his things then heads to my grandmas. I go to leave with him and he has gone to sleep. We were 3 hours late to Christmas because he refused to get up. We finally get there and my grandparents yell at me for bringing him late. I start crying and tell everyone I'm never keeping my brother at my house again and someone else can do it next time.
Now my family says I'm being an over emotional ah.
So AITA here?

Edited because i forgot to add. We no longer have parents my mom passed last year and my father left when we were young. My brother having autism and my sister being epileptic (she would have weekly seizures as an infant and small child) was to much for him.
Second edit to say thank you all for the outpouring support. I really thought a few people would think i was wrong but everyone here has been kind and helpful instead. We will be contacting his social worker and therapist first thing monday morning and looking into other resources for him. We just want what's best for him and this post has shown me we might have originally made the wrong choice.
I want to thank everyone for the advice and support.
Edit 3 i am trying to respond and read all the comments and give replies to questions. I have gotten over 600 comments. 
I only have the 1 sister.
She is the care giver because she volunteered as she has a stay at home husband who can help 24/7.
I am pregnant but divorced my husband 2 months ago so he is not in the picture. 
I want to thank everyone who recommend resources and i will be sitting down with my family and social worker to look into different,better options.I've been dating my girlfriend for almost three years now (M18) (F17). Since she's considered a minor medically she was put into a youth anorexia program for her eating disorder. Shes been doing really well, improving a ton and making much faster progress than anyone there, (she knows and wants to get better but is still really mentally fragile). A girl was admitted last week for severe eating disorder, I'm taking fights nurses, refuses to eat and threatens to harm herself if they make her eat. My girlfriend told me that the girls been anorexic since she was 9, she's 17 now and has made zero progress according to her parents (she overheard, they share a room).

A few days ago my girlfriend mentioned that she's been trying to make friends with the new girl but she makes her severely uncomfortable. Basically telling her that she looks perfect the way she was and that gaining weight was going to make her unattractive to me. Shes also been telling her things like "Why do you want to get better, you look so healthy" and "Wow your boyfriend must have loved your body, it's a shame".

I eventually mentioned to a nurse that my girlfriend should be moved out of that environment ASAP and was moved to a different room yesterday. A few hours ago I went to visit and the girl basically confronted me and told me that I was an asshole for taking away her friend. 

Things eventually escalated and I left off yelling at her to stay the fuck away from my girlfriend. 

Am I in the wrong? I don't know how anorexia effects people mentally and am not sure if she even realized what she was doing was wrong.

Edit for clarity: My girlfriend told me she doesn't want to be around the girl, her intentions on being friends ended the second she started being toxic to her.My birthday was this past Monday, and my parents got me a cake for it, naturally. I'm originally from Michigan but go to school in Texas, and as a surprise my parents mailed me something called a 'bumpy cake'. They were like my favorite thing when I was little and I'm not sure if they're ONLY available in Michigan but I definitely can't get them in Texas. 

My boyfriend and I each had a slice of the cake, and then put it in the fridge. When I got back from work the next day I was super excited to eat more of it, only to find that not only was pretty much all of it gone, but it was butchered in a way that suggested it had just been eaten out of the box with a fork. 

I went into the bedroom where my boyfriend was and showed him the cake box. He laughed and said something along the lines of "I couldn't help it!" I called him a selfish asshole and told him I couldn't believe he felt so entitled to something that didn't belong to him. 

He seemed really shocked and upset and said he didn't think it would be such a big deal. He started apologizing profusely and said he'd get me another cake but I was so upset with him I just left. I came back a little while later and he had gone from sympathetic to angry. He said he couldn't believe I was so mad at him over a "stupid fucking cake" and he ended up storming out. 

I realize it seems stupid and I might have overreacted, but I still think it was completely out of line for him to do that. I've told some friends about the situation and they similarly thought I was being ridiculous and that I shouldn't have been so mad over cake. 

Am I the asshole?

UPDATE: I've gotten a few messages asking for an update, so I figured I'd post one here. I haven't been able to read every comment, but I've looked at responses from every viewpoint and have taken everything to heart. A lot of you seem to think I'm just really stingy with my cake, but what I articulated to my boyfriend this morning was that I moreso was extremely upset that he felt entitled to what was essentially my birthday present. 

When he came back he had cooled down a lot, and we talked about everything. He apologized for eating all of the cake, and I apologized for losing my temper about it. When we argue we both have a habit of leaving instead of letting the argument escalate. I'm still not sure if this is the right move or not. 

  

P.S - To all the people messaging me offering to send me a replacement, your generosity is very much appreciated, but a new cake has been ordered!Throwaway cause reasons.

Backstory: my wife and I have two kids (9F, 4M). My wife got pregnant very easily, our first kid was even an "oops" baby. She had relatively easy pregnancies comparatively, and extremely easy labor comparatively. No major complications or anything like that. 

On the other hand, my brother and his wife have been trying for years and had to endure medical surgeries for my SIL, and utilize IVF in order to finally get pregnant after spending who knows how much money. So when they finally got pregnant, they made it a much bigger deal then I would say is typical even for a first baby for a couple. For example, their baby shower instead of being sort of typical with close friends and family at like someone's house and opening gifts and such was at this very expensive venue with extravagant catering and it was formal attire and they didn't even open presents. My wife was involved in the planning for this, and it was during this that she started to kind of get annoyed with my SIL. She would plan certain events and fun typical baby games and it would get shot down by my SIL and she would basically replace it with her own idea. So that whole event left a bit of a sour taste for this whole pregnancy ever since. Otherwise everyone in our family has been supportive and excited. The baby is due at the end of this month.

So last night my wife received a Facebook message thread, including my parents and other family, from my SIL that said in order for any of us to see the baby (either in the hospital after he's born) or later back at home, we would need to bring our vaccination records to show that we're up to date on certain vaccinations and have gotten our seasonal flu shot. My wife lost it. She started saying how completely insane my SIL and brother are being, and basically is over the pregnancy and doesn't care to meet our nephew. 

While I said that I agree they are being a bit on the extreme side, I can sort of understand how they're like extra precautious because of everything they've been through to even get pregnant, and in all reality this is probably their one and only chance. They can't afford to go through IVF again and my SIL is too old it would be high risk anyway. My entire family, including the kids, are all up to date on our shots, so it's not like it would be hard to comply. We would just need to get our records. I also said I can understand in this day and age with the antivax community you never know who has what, so I can see being careful around strangers, but they should trust family members that we wouldn't put our own family (the baby) in harm's way. But overall, I sort of understand why they're being careful and it's no big deal.

Well she took this as me siding with them over her. She's been angry with me ever since. AITA?

(Also, please don't reply with "YOu sHOuLd AlWays SiDe wiTH YOur WiFE! hUrrr Dee DurRR". I don't agree with that statement and it's not helpful... Don't bother.)

Edit title: Nephew :/

Edit 2: While my wife didn't explicitly say it, just knowing her well enough I think the reason she's upset isn't because they are asking for vaccination paperwork in general, but asking us (and my parents). We are pretty close. We all live like 30min away and see them frequently and at every holiday. They watch our kids, we watch their dog, etc. There's always been full trust between us. And I think she feels insulted like we're not being trusted. I don't know if that changes anything? For those of you that said you also asked for shot records, did that apply to everyone including close family?

Edit 3: Holy cow, this blew up since last I checked. First of all, thanks so much for the comments, opinions, and advice. To address some common questions/comments... 1) No, SIL has no good reason to think we would lie about being vaccinated (or anything else for that matter). Once again, we're all really close, if anyone in the family was an antivaxxer, we would all know. And there's no previous issues with trust that has ever existed. 2) No, we did not ensure family was up to date on shots when our kids were born. I feel like the whole antivax thing wasn't as prevalent at the time maybe? It was a while ago, don't exactly recall. 3) It is highly unlikely my wife is jealous of the baby shower or attention of the pregnancy. She's a total introvert and would rather die than have the type of baby shower my SIL had. It was more the fact that my SIL rejected all her ideas and basically planned it herself. 4) I probably shot myself in the foot on this one with the title... But I didn't really "take a side", at least I wouldn't consider it that. It's not like I said, "Well hun, they are right and you are wrong". It was more the fact that I wasn't as outraged as my wife about the whole thing that made her think I was taking their side (I think?). So take that for what it's worth. 5) I appreciate the folks that could also see both sides of the coin... I feel like that's what I tried to do here. Maybe I didn't handle it to perfection and I agree it will probably blow over (hopefully). Maybe I'll send an update if anyone is interested.

Edit 4: Just cause it's hilarious that I actually have to address this... But no, I was not implying that just because the baby is IVF or their "one shot" that the baby's life is more valuable than a more typical pregnancy baby. Not quite sure how some folks deduced that. I was merely saying that due to those circumstances I could more easily empathize with my SIL's somewhat extreme (imo) request for vaccination records, which is why it didn't bother me as much as it did my wife.My wife and I live in a very walkable area. We were walking to lunch the other day and noticed a few reward posters for a lost cat. We were talking about the lost cat as we walked because we have a few cats and always joke about how we are crazy cat people (we are in our 30's).

Well sure enough we see this cat just sitting on the roof of a car and it looked just like the one in the reward poster. I walked up to it and it was super nice. I took a pic of it then we walked a block back to the poster to compare. It was the same cat. We went back and got the cat. It was real nice and let me pick it up. It just cuddled up. I think it was pretty scared. My wife called the number on the poster and they gave us their address and walked the cat 4 blocks to the house.

As we were walking up the sidewalk the kids in the house ran out and screamed in a happy way and grabbed the cat. The parents came out and thanked us for returning their cat. The mom had tears in her eyes. As they were walking back inside I said, "oh, I noticed there was a $500 reward. Would that apply in this situation? If not, I totally understand." The dad just looked at me with daggers and the wife looked real confused. She said in a kinda condescending way, "you really want us to give you $500?" I said, "I'm not trying to be awkward or anything, but you did offer a reward and we did find your cat." The dad said, "Jesus, hold on" and went inside and got $320. He comes back outside and said, "All I have is $320 cash on hand. I can get you the rest if it's really that big of a deal to you." I said, "no, that's fine and he handed me the $320." As they walked back inside the wife said under her breath, "I can't believe he took the money" and the husband said, "yeah, what a dick." They clearly said it loud enough for me to hear.

My wife is totally on my side. We live in a pretty affluent area so $500 (or $320) isn't a big deal to these people. I mean they had two Mercedes in their driveway nor is that money a big deal for me. However they did offer a reward and we did our part. I told my friends at lunch that day and half think I was right to ask for it. The other half said I should have just "done the right thing" and not asked for it.

Edit: My wife's and my parents think I should have just given the cat back with no reward. They think I was totally the asshole for asking for the reward. 

AITA?Context: I bought two $124 tickets to an NBA game for a friend and I. We decided that we would watch the first 2 quarters, get up at halftime for the bathroom and food, and then make it back before the 3rd quarter started. 

When we got back from the bathroom, there was a couple in our seats (no big deal). But they were eating those stadium peanuts that make a MESS, and guess what? I am deathly allergic to peanuts. 

Me: “Excuse me you’re in our seats, can you guys please get up?

Guy: “Oh yeah my bad”

That’s when I see how much of a mess is EVERYWHERE. Our seats are literally the only 2 in the row. A row of JUST 2 seats. And this guy and his wife just have 2 bags worth of peanut debris and dust all over our chairs. We were gone for maybe 15 minutes. 

Me: “Dude really? I’m allergic to peanuts and you have absolutely trashed our seats”

Guy: “How am I supposed to know that?”

Me: “You’re not! You only know that because you are in MY seats that I paid for making a mess with peanuts, now please leave!” ( a little rude but I was heated)

Guy: “Don’t talk to me like that”

Me: “Or what? 

He just stared at me as security led him towards the tunnel. The guards were very apologetic and thankfully got a janitor surprisingly fast to clean it all up. My friend says I was an asshole though. I thought I handled it well? I don’t carry an epipen on me either, I was paranoid the rest of the night about a nut exposure. 

So lay it on me, am I the asshole?

EDIT: people seem to not understand peanut allergies, so here’s an ELI5: if you ingest a peanut, your body goes into immune overdrive, essentially killing you while thinking it’s defending. If it touches your skin (depending on your severity) you will break out into hives which in my opinion from the time I did eat nuts, was the worst part of it all. No I won’t die, but I was scratching myself until I was bleeding once. EATING and TOUCHING nuts with an allergy is different.

Edit2: I’m buying an epipen, please stop pretending to be concerned now

Edit3: I’ve been temporarily banned, or else I would keep responding to asinine commentsOkay, so my wife and I are expecting our first child. She is 7 months along and we got an ultrasound yesterday to check on the progress (my wife’s medical issues caused the OBGYN to be extra cautious). 

During the appointment, the tech was pointing out our daughter’s different body parts, telling us where the legs and feet are. It was the first time we didn’t really need the help, because we could see our baby looking like a real baby. My wife started crying, and I was comforting her, when she said the words. “I can’t believe I’m making a human being.”

I kept comforting her, but I waited a few minutes and, once the tech was gone, gently reminded her that we are both the parents, not just her. I also told her that saying she’s “making” the baby on her own is not accurate, since I provided half the genetic material. 

My wife was still emotional at this point, and she started crying again thinking I don’t appreciate what she’s putting her body through to be pregnant. Obviously this is false, especially since her pregnancy has been so tough that I’ve attended at least two doctors appointments every month. I show her with actions, not words, that I appreciate her. 

I just don’t think it’s fair to claim I haven’t contributed something to making our daughter. She is still upset the next day. So, AITA?

I have a 16 year old son and he has 4 half siblings who are all younger than him. I was only ever with his mom for a brief period of time, and we both agreed prior to sleeping with each other that we were on the same page about not having a kid. 

Obviously that didn’t work out because she got pregnant (I did practice safe sex and wore rubbers but hey, I’m a dad now anyway)I asked her to abort, she told me she’d changed her mind, and she kept the baby.

I wasn’t thrilled about being a dad, after paternity was established I set about paying child support and that was it. I had no intention of wanting to be in his life especially because my own parents had kicked me out and I was still a kid myself.

After a few months though I felt the need to be there and actually be a father, so I put aside my own feelings and put him first. we are incredibly close today and I’m so glad and grateful that I got to be his dad.  I was 18 when I had him, and over the years I was lucky enough that I was able to become financially independent and in essence retire early so I’m able to give my son experiences that I never had. 

He chose to live with me when he was 11, which was a huge sore spot for his mom, but he’d always beg prior to that because his brothers and sisters would break his stuff, and he’d get yelled at because he’s the oldest, etc. 

His mom has always been courteous, but over the last few years she has become more and more resentful that my son gets more than her other kids. She is by no means poor, but obviously her resources are spread over 5 kids whereas mine is spread over 1. 

It was his birthday last week and as a gift I bought him a car, which he’ll be needing soon anyway and which I’ve had the cash aside for for *years*. When his mom found out, she called me furiously on the phone and told me I that I’m a piece of shit for making her other kids feel bad, because I’ve ‘never spent a penny on them and every time he goes to visit it’s obvious his dad is spending money on him’ ... I snapped back and told her that what, she expects me to shell out on kids I have no obligation to just so she doesn’t feel bad? 

She said that all the years of them seeing my son go on vacations, his clothes, his mannerisms (what?) etc made her and her kids feel bad, and she told me that I was selfish for having a fund for ONLY my son because none of her other kids will be able to afford college. I told her that’s an unfortunate reality for kids who have different parents and it is what it is. 

She’s normally pretty level headed so I honestly have no idea why she thinks it’s acceptable to ask me to pay for her other kids too- I’ve never tried to flaunt anything via my kid, I just want him to have the best I can give him.I’m really, really pissed off at this girl I just encountered and idk if I’m just being an immature teen or if I’m justified.  Basically I went to the Walmart down the street because I needed condoms. I’m 16 and have been told I have a baby face but I guess that’s just how it is.

The condoms are locked behind a cabinet thing I guess because of theft or something idk but I asked a lady who was on shift, but wasn’t doing anything if she could open it up. She made a comment “Aren’t you a little young to be needing those young man” which really caught me off guard and I sorta just stammered and studdered and kinda embarrassed myself and I just mumbled again that I needed them. 

She basically made a condescending exaggerated “hmfph” noise and said “I outta really call your mama and tell her what you’re doing instead of helping you act a fool; you know you don’t need to be using these” before moving towards the condoms. My mom and I go shopping here often so while I personally didn’t know this lady, it’s not unlikely that she has seen me walk in here with her

Here’s where IDK if I’m TA because she WAS getting the condoms, but her threat pissed me off and she was being such a huge bitch the entire way that I basically aggressive said “it’s none of your business for why I need these, fuck off and do your job”. She was taken aback at this point and people started to stare and she was like “excuse me?” and I said “you heard what I said”. 

She said I’m not going to be doing anything and I needed to watch my mouth and she’s not going to get anything for anyone with that kind of attitude and that’s when I got really mad because she was wasting my time and humiliating me in front of the entire store and so I said “Give me a manager if you don’t want to do your fucking job then” and she stammered before refusing, so I ended up asking another employee. 

Long story short I ended up getting the condoms, but I’m still so mad and upset that she essentially humiliated me in front of the entire store and my heart’s been racing the entire day. Did I handle the situation badly? AITA?My 17 yo daughter (youngest and we had her late) is 7 weeks pregnant (she will be 18 by the time she gives birth) She is not in a relationship with the father. He reeaallyyy, I can't stress this enough, does not want a baby. I honestly don't even think he'll show up for the birth or anything.

She has decided to continue with the pregnancy against all advice from practically every adult in her life. After she insisted on not only continuing with the pregnancy but raising the baby I asked her how she is going to manage that? This was the jist of the convo:

Her: I'll get a job. 
Me: who's going to watch baby while you're at work? 
Her: I thought you and dad could.
Me: absolutely not, I'm not raising another baby.

Pretty much a back and forth for a bit that lead me to believe that if she has this baby in this house, I'm practically going to be its mother. I'm very recently retired  and my husband is retiring in exactly 11 months (there's a countdown) and this is not how I want to spend my retirement years. It's not fair to us. So I told her that she has until baby is born to find a place to live. Husband has always been wrapped around her finger (which normally is endearing, I love how much he loves our children) so he is not fully on board with that but I feel like we need to be united on this. I just want to know if  I'm in the wrong here.

AITA?

Edit: to everyone acting like I'm spending the next 7 months ignoring her- I will help her get a job, get on assistance if need be, find affordable housing etc. I just will not raise this baby.The other day I was at a BBQ and was talking with everyone when a friend says to me "I have a bone to pick with you". I was a little shocked because I like to think I'm nice enough and get along with people, but I was keen to find out what her issue was with me.


"You don't say good-bye, you just leave" is what she said, and it's true. I prefer to just leave a party and let everyone keep going. I do it because if I announce I am leaving then people often ask me to stay or ask why I'm leaving, sometimes it makes other people think "yeah I might go too" ending the party earlier. I prefer to just disappear. 


Anyway I explained myself to this friend and she said "no it's super rude". We're Australian so I told her to go fuck herself and we both laughed. After that BBQ I made a point of saying goodbye to her directly, but I still prefer to ghost. My wife isn't a fan of me doing this but she has long since accepted it.


tl;dr - I like to leave parties without saying goodbye to most people (please read the edits, I do thank the host and I now know it's an Irish goodbye). Am I the asshole?


Edit: I should note that I do try to tell the host I am leaving (if I can get them alone without causing a scene by saying good-bye) and if not I text them to say thanks. It's just everyone else I'm trying to avoid.


Edit 2: she was not the host of this BBQ, it was my in-laws bbq and she was a neighbour that was invited. I ghosted that event late into the night because my house is a few hundred metres down the road and I was 15 shades of fucked up.


Edit 3: fmd my inbox is nuked


Edit 4: TIL that this is called an Irish goodbye. Thanks for all of the support from fellow Irish goodbyers. Too all the people that think I'm rude, I accept that with open arms and will try tailor my approach a little differently moving forward
My parents split up when I was about 7 years old because my dad had an affair and got another woman pregnant. My mom got full custody and my dad eventually stopped visiting my sister and I and stopped paying child support. He justified this as him not having enough money for us and his new family, but either way I had no contact with my dad for around 15 years. About a month ago, he tried to get back into contact with me and apologize for his actions in the past. However, today he asked if my sister and I could get tested as a match because he has kidney failure (which I had no idea about until now) and a possible donor. I rejected his request and told him I wasn’t ready (or might never be ready) to forgive him for abandoning me and my sister until now and I suspect he only contacted us in order to get a donation out of us. After rejecting him, he sent a bunch of angry texts about how he would die without a donation from us and basically said I was murdering him. Some of my friends also said I should forgive him because he is my father and that I am the asshole for potentially letting him die without the kidney. So AITA?

Edit: His other kids are still pretty young (~15 and I’m not sure how many other kids he has but I think at least one other) so I’m not sure they are able to donate at their age. Also an update: my aunt (my dad’s sister) who I also haven’t spoken to since my dad left, just messaged me begging me to consider the donation. At this point I’m leaning towards blocking the whole family and just never looking back.

Edit2: Thank you for all your replies and advice. I’ve decided to block my father and his side of the family and so has my sister. I realize now that I shouldn’t feel any guilt for not donating as this man is not truly my dad.Yesterday my friend 
/acquaintance and I went to a restaurant after work. She is a vegan and ordered a vegan dish. I ordered something that contained beef. 

When my dish came, my friend was shocked to see that it contained meat because she assumed that it didn’t (for some reason). She said she no longer felt comfortable eating at the same table as me unless I sent the food back. I said no way I was going to do that.

She said “maybe we can reschedule” and that she was sorry but she could not eat with someone who was eating meat.

I said ok maybe we can get our food packed up. We did and then she said she wasnt feeling good and had to go back to her hotel. So I just sat on a bench in the park and ate my food by myself. It was really weird. 

Should I have been more accommodating? She isn’t allergic to anything, apparently the smell of meat makes her sick? Which I just found out today. AITA.My friend is a single mother going through a fight for custody of her 5 year old son. The son stays with the father most days and the father wishes for full custody. My friend and her ex are at odds due to my friend's living situation. She can no longer afford to live in her apartment and moved into a shelter briefly which becomes a unanimous "no" in terms of custody battles. If you don't have a permanent residence that's like a house or apartment, you will almost always lose these cases. I outstretched an olive branch and let her live with me. She's been here two weeks. I have a house so it's no big deal for me.

Something about me: two years ago I lost my husband and daughter in an MVA. I have dozens of photos of us all as a family, and about a dozen of my daughter. My late husband was a photographer and was the one who took all of our shots, not a cellphone photo in sight. In fact, I have precisely zero photos otherwise of us.

Two days ago was the first day my friend was allowed access to her child for the day and I was at work all day. I figured they'd hang out at home while I worked. It turns out her son got at my albums and destroyed or defaced pretty much all of them. I have no clean photos of my daughter anymore, they're either ripped to shreds or have marker all over them.

My friend did nothing to stop this: this doesn't happen in the time it takes to run to the washroom or anything so I deduce it was either my friend went out for an extended period of time leaving her son home alone or she just didn't care. In either case, I was furious.

I decided to give me friend three days notice to leave. She has no tenant rights as she's been here <30 days, in fact I had to give her no time but I didn't want to toss her to the streets with nothing. She leaves tomorrow.

Was I an asshole here? Her son destroyed property of mine of extreme sentimental value. I don't know if I can get them restored and getting new prints is impossible. In the back of my mind I think of her custody battle and how I've thrown a wrench in it all but this is beyond a tiny thing. This was malicious negligence on her part.Hi

I'll keep this simple, and avoid going over the top.

In a nutshell my GF (33) and her little girl (7) moved into my (35/M) house last year.  The house is owned and I bought it because I have two children (8 YO twins - M and F) from a previous relationship.

When she moved her and her girl in I made it clear she was welcome to stay as long as she treated my house as she would her own.

Yet when she moved in her amd her daughter did the following over the last year or so.

- Left mountains of food everywhere.  - Left pans of food on the kitchen counter until it went green with mold.
- Got muck/handprints everywhere
- Broke and refused to replace things in my house
- Would leave the radiators, lights, gas on all day
- Refused to tidy up saying she was tired
- Left mountains of clothes everywhere
- Used the floor as a rubbish bin (ended up with mice)
- Constant drama, shouting, arguing - Witnessed by neighbours
- Literally drained me emotionally and financially
- Both of them gave me attitude non-stop, for no particular reason other than to stave the boredom.
- Put holes for shelves etc in all my walls
- Would spend money on fun things for her and her daughter, yet left me to pay the grown up things like bills, debt etc
- Kept leaving the toilet a mess
- Treat my own 2 children like dirt when they came over, ie shouting, drama, constantly blaming them for everything etc

When I questioned her on any of these matters she would say I was being controlling.

About a month ago, a serious argument erupted and I told her it's best she leave.  I said 'if you want to live like that, then go and get your own place'.  It was a shame for me to see my hard earned investment become ruined by someone with no respect for it.

We are still seeing each other, but now she has gotten her own place I feel terrible.  She's having to walk everywhere as she dosent drive, and her working hours have altered as previously I was taking her little girl to school to make life easier for her.  Also, she was only paying me £165 per month for everything, but now her bills will be in excess of £600 per month for her rent alone.

I feel dreadful for this, I feel like maybe I should have had more patience towards them or been a better guy when they were here.

AITA?  Or would anyone else have reacted in the same way?


Edit: Just to follow up - She doesn't drive and I also feel bad that now she has to walk/get the bis everywhere as before I was acting like her own private taxi service.  Ie, taking her shopping, giving her daughter lifts to school and to dance classes etc.

UPDATE:  Wow, didn't expect such a response from this!

After getting many responses, roughly 90% of which say I'm NTA and the rest saying I am for staying with her I've decided to break this off.
Like some of you've mentioned, I owe this to my children and myself to give them what they need.  A good, solid, strong dad who is happy and secure.  As of this point, she is no longer in my life.

A while ago I asked my 8yo daughter if she thinks about me when she's not at my house, her answer was:

 "Yes I think of you getting shouted at by XXXX"

Some of you have said I'm a shit dad for staying with her after all of this.  I would argue against this, but if I stay with her I would have to agree with you all.

UPDATE:  I wasnt going to post this, but as many of you are asking about it as you consider it a factor, I'll respond.

A)  No the sex was mediocre at best, once a week if I was lucky.

B)  She never gave BJs

C)  She INSISTED on me giving her oral sex before we slept together.  Every time.  She told me "Go down on me, or there is no sex"

D)  Never did anything else.  Vanilla sex was as far as we ever wentI'm in a relatively small computer graphics class, about 14 people. My Professor has learned everyone's name but mine. And it's a pretty common girls name. The first few time he called me the wrong name I politely corrected him. But after the 5th or 6th time I stopped responding to him. Today during a critique he said "samantha what's your opinion on the piece". My name is not samantha and there's no samantha in the class. I ignored him and he called my "name" again. I told him that's not my name. He got annoyed and said I should have known he was talking to me because he was looking at me.

EDIT: HOLY CRAP I did not expect this big of a response. After I made the post I spoke to a few other people (girls included) in my class. Apparently this Professor is known for being very arrogant and full of himself. He acts this way all the time and it's not his way of being funny. Sadly I have him next semester because he's the only one who teaches the class I need. I'll keep you updated! Let me know if you want more stories on the semi unprofessional things he's done.
P.s thanks for the silver 😁

EDIT 2: Thank you for all the advice, as much as I'd like to be just as rude to him as he is to me I've decided to talk to him and tell him I understand he teaches more than one class but it bothers me when he call me the wrong name. Thank you for the adviceI (22F) was adopted as an infant and never really knew much about my biological family since it was a closed adoption. I received infrequent letters and photos from my biological mother. I connected with my mother, half sister and aunt during my freshman year of high school. I still really don’t know anything about my family because my biological mother  is a chronic liar. However, she did tell me that my father was no longer  around and had no interest in meeting me. I talked to my half sister and she said that she was told by our grandmother that it was due to him being a familial relation. I did some research, and was able to corroborate with DNA testing that he is indeed my mother’s first cousin. Obviously that was shocking, and I feel like my existence was a mistake. I’ve been struggling with it. Thankfully, from what I’ve read, there’s very minimal genetic overlap in that kind of relationship and I don’t have any medical issues. I do wear contacts, have ADHD, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Auditory Processing Disorder, and I’m prone to getting lung infections (mother smoked while pregnant). But none of these are major in the slightest and I live a very normal, slightly more anxious, life. I’m in a relationship right now, I don’t know how long it’ll last or if it’ll last. I would love to eventually marry him but I’m 22 and I’m  being a realist here. WIBTA if I didn’t tell him since there’s virtually no chance our kids would have issues....and also I’m scared that he would break up with me because of it. 

Also before anyone makes any Kentucky/Rolltide, my bio family is from Ashland, KY. My life is a meme at this point

Edit: I honestly did not think this would blow up so much. Really glad this is a throwaway. I guess some info for people.

1. My mother didn’t know she and my father were related. Growing up she never knew her mother’s side of the family as my grandmother abandoned them for her second family. My parents were very much in love and dated as teenagers, it wasn’t a sexually abusive situation. They went to the same high school and they didn’t look related in the slightest, or share the same last name (I think their mothers were siblings). Mother found out when grandma got a divorce and came back into her life, I think they my parents were 18-19 
because it was right after high school. 

2. Boyfriend and I have been together about a year, which isn’t long but I can see it leading to marriage. Also he’s not American, so no chance of us being related! Trying to keep it out of the family. 

3. Views of incest are a bit different here in America for you non Americans. Especially since I live in a very religious area, my family are strict Catholics. It’s not illegal everywhere, but it is in some states.

**Edit 2** This blew up like crazy and I was certainly not expecting it! I really appreciate all the kind words and reassurance!  Ive been in my own head about this and I appreciate that so many of you are willing to offer advice!My husband and I have one daughter, age 7, and he has two older sons from a previous marriage (11 and 15). They currently live with us but had been living with his mom up until about 2 years ago. Their mom is really messed up, addicted to drugs now and on the brink of death basically due to her addictions. My husband has largely cut ties with his ex-wife but is obviously still responsible for his sons. 

So here's my current dilemma: I want to send my daughter to private school, starting next year. It'll be expensive, like 15k a year, but I've talked to my husband and we can spare the money because we want our daughter to get a top-tier education. However, a few weeks ago my husband confronted me about potentially paying for his younger son's schooling as well. His oldest being in high school already is uninterested in switching schools but his younger son is apparently not opposed to the idea. I was upset because he told his son this without even telling me. 

Between our salaries, we can only really afford one kid to go to a 15k/year school. I'm a bit upset because sending our daughter to private was always part of the plan, and yet my husband just casually floated the idea to his son only for him to say "ok sure." And now that we've done the math we realize that we can't at all afford 30k on tuition. I still want to send my daughter to that school because we've promised her so since she was about 5, but my husband says either both kids go or neither does. I feel like he's intentionally sabotaging our daughter's chances and it's making me really upset. However I get that he wants the best for his kid as well but I resent how casually it was raised and how his son responded so casually to his dad's question. 

I want to issue an ultimatum to my husband. Basically we pay for our daughter's schooling first and foremost because we made the promise to her first, and I want my husband to tell his son the bad news because he was the one that promised him something neither of us could deliver. AITA for thinking this is a good plan?Throwaway because she knows my reddit account. Hear me out on this one. Please? 

&#x200B;

I've been with my girlfriend (we'll call her Molly) for about 4 years, lived together for 3. Earlier last year our 17 year old cat lost her battle with cancer. I've had cats my whole life and adopted her as a senior before meeting Molly. Molly never had cats before but adored her, and started talking about adopting immediately. About six months later in December she found a youngish (7mos?) feral male who got a nasty-but-recoverable injury sleeping under a car hood. She fell in love immediately and so did I. I tried to give her the benefit of my experience and told her that this isn't going to be the same as adopting an adult cat who already has a sweet personality, and this kitten will require a lot of patience. She said she understood and we started foster-to-adopting him as soon as the vet gave us the go-ahead. 

&#x200B;

I still love him, but he's highlighted every single thing that's been keeping us from getting engaged. For one, Molly refuses to listen to him. He growls, he hisses at her. She started yanking him out of his carrier so often that he's afraid to go in there now. She doesn't listen to ME when I try to explain what she could do to get him to warm up to her. She keeps bringing up examples of people she knows who got a cat to like them this way. I work at home, and he's a completely different cat when I'm home and she isn't.  He plays and sits in the window when it's just me and runs under the bed the second she gets home and only comes out to eat. 

&#x200B;

I've suggested to her that we need to start seriously thinking about finding him another home before he gets too old and too scared. Every single time I bring it up she accuses me of being callous and giving up on him too easily, and how she never knew pets were so disposable to me. They're not, but she's not a good fit for him. So at this point I'm beginning to think that his best shot is me breaking up with her and taking this poor cat with me.  Our relationship isn't that solid but I think it might be fixable if it wasn't for this, but he's a living being and deserves to be happy too. 

&#x200B;

tl;dr: My girlfriend and I adopted a cat and she makes him miserable. She thinks it'd be cruel to rehome him, so I'm seriously considering breaking up with her and taking him with me. WIBTA?My daughter has one son. He is 15. She had a ‘change of heart’ about being married to my grandsons father in 2018 who by all accounts is a hard working, humble man. She wanted a lifestyle change. Enter her new husband, an unemployed ‘actor’ with two children. He is irresponsible, shady, not trustworthy. I have caught him rummaging in my grandsons room in my home with no excuse as to why. There are other things too that make me distrust him. 

I have a lot of anger surrounding my daughters choice which in my opinion was motivated by selfishness- she took off and left my grandson with me and my wife while she went out of state for weeks on end throughout the past year to visit her partner, and my grandsons grades, happiness, and health have all taken an enormous knock. He has lost weight, misses his mother and father, is lonely and anxious. She doesn’t call him or care about him anymore. 

My wife and I have purchased some property with the intention of gifting it to my grandson when he turns 18. We have also gifted from our savings into a new bank account (in my wife’s name for the moment) a helpful amount that he will be able to use for college. 

The only reason my daughter is aware of this is because the purchase of the property was not something we were exactly able to keep secret. I decided to be upfront and tell her if she doesn’t want to be a mom, her own mother and I will do right by our grandson. 

My daughter has threatened to estrange herself from my wife and I because we are showing favoritism to my grandson. She came to our home yelling and screaming, and asked ‘do you even give a shit about the step kids?’ I told her those other two children aren’t my responsibility nor do I give a shit about them. They have a mother who they live with, my grandson isn’t welcome at his moms house because his new stepfather makes him uncomfortable, and she certainly isn’t putting him first. 

My wife is usually on my side and thinks that I was right to tell our daughter the truth, but she thinks I should have been diplomatic. I think she deserved to hear the honest truth.About a month ago my bf asked if his friend from out of town could stay over for a couple days and I said yes. So the next day his friend shows up while I’m at work. When I get home I greet the friend (who I’ve never met before). I then proceed to go to the bedroom where I change out of my work clothes and throw on a T-shirt and a pair of shorts with no bra. I never wear a bra at home as I find them immensely uncomfortable and hate them with a burning passion. I then go out to the living room to join them. As I’m sitting down the friend makes a comment, something along the lines of “dude, put on a bra”. I figure he’s joking since he kinda laughed before he said it so I just brush it off. He doesn’t bring it up again for the rest of that visit. 

Fast forward a few weeks and my bf wants to have his friend over again. So his friend comes over and this time I’m home when he gets dropped off.  I was not wearing a bra when he arrived. I would like to point out that I was wearing a rather baggy T-shirt so it wasn’t as if you could really see anything. That being said I do have enormous titties (I wear a size 40I bra). Immediately after walking in the door the friend says in an exasperated tone “I thought I asked you last time to please wear a bra!!”  I’m taken aback and I don’t really know what to say. I kind of stammer our a “what,why?” 

Him: I feel really uncomfortable seeing your boobs 
Me: But you can’t actually see my boobs 
Him: Are you kidding me? They’re huge! Of course I can see them! 
Me: Dude, I’m wearing a baggy shirt. At most you can see a bit of an outline. I don’t understand what about that makes you uncomfortable. 
Him: you’re joking right??
Me: No...? 
Him: fucking unbelievable

I look to my bf for help and he  kinda just shrugs at me. So I excuse myself to the bedroom. A little while later my bf comes into the bedroom to see if I’m ok. I tell him I’m fine, just a bit taken aback. He asks if I wanna come play video games with them in the living room and I agree. Before we’re out of the bedroom though he turns around and tells me that maybe I should put on a bra.  I had explained to him before how I felt about bras. He said he understood but didn’t want to make his friend uncomfortable. I was annoyed and told him I would just stay in the bedroom. So for the rest of his friend’s stay I stayed in the bedroom and only went out to go to the bathroom, get food, or go to work. 

So finally his friend leaves and everything is back to normal. Then last night out of nowhere my bf brings up the bra thing again. He tells me I should’ve just sucked it up and put on a bra and that I was kind of being an asshole about it. I feel like I should be allowed to not wear a bra in my home but also I wonder if I should’ve been more accommodating to a guest that’s very important to my bf. 
So, am I the asshole here?I'm a 28 y/o male and my immediate family is all women, mostly this is because I was raised by my mother and have no contact with my father's side of the family due to a messy divorce when I was young. My two sisters (early 30s), my three aunts (two who are my mother's sisters and one married in to the family and married my aunt), and they have an assortment of close friends of the family all of which are women that also go to these events. 


About 3 years ago, my mother had an idea to do a 'girls only' weekend. Originally this was to see one of the Magic Mike movies, and because it was such a hit they started to do these weekend outings once or twice a month. Originally it didn't bother me, because I'm an adult and I have my own life, and my own house, and I really didn't even think about it. But an incident recently made me annoyed at the whole concept. My aunt's birthday was in January and normally we go to her favorite restaurant for her birthday, which also incidentally is my favorite restaurant. So I bought her a present and a card, and waited for an invitation and none came. 


When I asked what was going on for her birthday, I was told they celebrated it early on their girls day because she was going to be out of state during her birthday. This kind of irked me because when I mentioned I bought her a present my mother told me to just drive over to her house and give it to her. I felt pretty left out since I am the only male in my immediately family, having a 'girls day' is the equivalent to saying 'hey let's celebrate my birthday but not invite him'. 


I griped about and was told that I was basically being self centered and that she can celebrate her birthday however she wants. I agree with that, but once again, I'm the only one being left out and it feels shitty. The proverbial straw that broke the camel's back was I was just also just informed that they were planning a summer vacation this year as 'girls only' too, and when I asked my mother what about the vacation we normally take as a family, she told me that they can't afford to do both so they are just doing the girls only vacation this year. 

At this point I was VERY annoyed and had a loud argument with my mother and sister, telling them that it's really shitty that twice a month they have group activities and specifically exclude me, and on top of that are now even taking vacations and excluding me. Nothing came of the argument and they wouldn't budge, so I decided I needed a break from my immediate family because they don't consider my feelings relevant. So I removed myself from the family group chat and deactivated my Facebook. Now my phone is being blown up and I'm being told that I'm immature and I need to grow up. I responded that a lot of grown people don't see much of their family at all and I'm just going to follow that example. 


Am I the asshole here? Some context:

I’m extremely pregnant (like waddling Danny-DeVito-as-The-Penguin pregnant) and fighting a chest cold, back pain, bruised rib, overall fatigue, and a womb resident that won’t quit moving (which is a good thing, but can be painful!). I work from home, which makes it easier. 

My boyfriend has an abscess that requires a root canal. YIKES. I’ve never had a root canal, but tooth/mouth pain is no joke. He works in a field where he’s on his feet for sometimes 12+ hours a day. 

The setup:

Yesterday, he came home early after the dentist. Knowing that he’s been tired and feeling bad, last night I got him set up in bed, made him dinner (twice), picked up his antibiotics, brought him ice cream and tea, and overall just made sure he had everything he needed. I even slept in the other room, as I tend to get up a lot because pregnancy is uncomfortable and I didn’t want to bug him. Truly, I’m happy to do it. 

This morning, I woke up to a text from him that just said, “I need water.”

*I need water.*

I was annoyed, because even though he’s not feeling well, a tooth abscess doesn’t take away your ability to walk. I brought it to him anyway, and he made a big deal about lifting himself up to drink from the cup and take two ibuprofen. No “thank you.” Just put his head back down and closed his eyes. 

Pain is pain—I get it. I don’t have a monopoly on discomfort just because pregnancy can sometimes really blow. It’s not a competition. But it is kind of cringe-y to demand your pregnant girlfriend, who already has some mobility issues and near-constant pain, to grab you something you could easily get yourself. 

The AITA dilemma:

Trying to be lighthearted about the audacity of that text request, I drew a picture on his breakfast cup (something I do every day when I make his breakfast) of a tombstone with the words “I need water” on it, surrounded by flowers and with his birth year - 2019 on it. 

He was...not happy. Like, actually mad that I did that. He said my humor “is not normal,” and that it’s not at all funny. He left in a huff and without saying goodbye. 

So, AITA for the joke? Or am I missing the real issue entirely?

*ETA: We both apologized for not being considerate of the other person, and it’s all ok. He’s a good dude, just off his game today. Still doesn’t think I’m as funny as I think I am, though—lol.*My little brother (26M) lives with my wife and I (30f/30M), he used to live his GF, but since breaking up, he couldn't afford his own place so has been living with us since July, rent free.

My wife is due with our first child any day now (Her due date is Jan 2) and I have been working long hours at my job. The company I work for is doing a merge, and I have been putting in longer hours to try and get things done so that when my wife has our baby, I won't constantly be pulled away or called while trying to support her and our son.

My little brother works a trade that usually has next to no work during the winter (he does roofing and siding for his friends dad, and we live in Canada) so lately, he's just been sitting at home playing on his computer or going out with friends.

It's been snowing here pretty heavy the last 3 days, and now that its finally lightened up, we can  do the sidewalks. I called my wife on my break and she mentioned that some of the kids that come by have a hard time getting through the snow (we live by a school and on a corner lot, so we are responsible for shoveling the side as well) 
I told her to get my brother to shovel the walks, she said she asked him, but he told her he was  going out, (this was at about noon).

 I texted my brother and asked what time he would be home, he said around 2, so I asked him to shovel the walks when he got back, he asked when the last time I shoveled them. I got annoyed and told him again to please shovel the walks as I wouldn't be home till around 8, he didn't respond.

I got home and saw they were done, when I went inside, my wife was laying down and holding her stomach (just some Braxton Hicks she said) I asked her if she was okay, and she said yes, just exhausted from shoveling. I was furious. I asked her why my brother didn't do it, and she said he refused as he is not the home owner. 

I went into our basement and lost my shit at him, reminding him that he lived rent free in my house and ate my food. He told me I was over reacting, that it was just snow, and that him living there didn't mean he was obligated to do "my chores". I  told him to get out. He left and about a hour later I got a call from my mom yelling at me to call my brother and apologies, that he has no where else to go, and how I shouldn't be acting like this a few weeks before Christmas. I told her he needed to apologize to my wife and I, and that if he wanted to come back, he needs to be contributing going forward. 

He ended up staying at a friend's last night, and I have yet to hear from him, AITA here?

Edit: just wanted to add, my brother's response to  my wife shoveling was that she made that choice to do that, as he told her to wait for me. I've also had a coworker tell me it was a huge over reaction on my end, and that while my brother should apologize, I should as well.

Edit: thanks everyone for the responses, just to answer a few questions though: 

My wife told me it wasn't that big of a deal that she ended up doing it (she still shouldn't of had to though) and in our city, we usually have about 24 hours to clear the snow until a bylaw officer comes around, so I'm surprised they weren't around sooner (I'm assuming it was due to the amount of snow we were getting for 3 days straight) so that, plus my wife watching kids struggle, plus us being liable for any injury was her reasoning for doing it.

So yes I was mad that my very pregnant wife ended up doing it, but also his complete lack of respect to her and myself, asking me when I had done it last, saying it was a home owners job......

And as for my mom, her and my dad live in one of those 55+ retirement communities out in a county about 90 Min away, I guess he could stay with them for a bit, but I think it has to be okayed with the condo committee (I'm not sure how that works) 

I have also yet to hear back from my brother in regards to my stipulations about him coming back.

Edit: sorry, one more thing since I see it coming up alot. In my Province and I believe most of Canada, the Residential Tenancies Act doesn't apply to family members living with landlords, he is in no way legally considered a tenant in my home, so unless his name is on the deed to my house,  we can have him come and go as we so choose. ( Not saying it isn't harsh for some situations, just wanted to clarify)Pretty short one, I live in the US and got married (hitched) a few months back after a long relationship (3 years). I will be going to my home country pretty soon to visit my family and attend some family events. My family is racist, my husband is black. Obviously I love him and am in no way ashamed of him or my marriage but I know my family would react badly and I don’t want to deal with that vitriol on one of my rare and relatively short visits back. They didn’t know about the relationship, he knows they don’t and he knows partially why they don’t but he expects me to just come out and say it regardless. WIBTA if I continued to keep my life secret?Throwaway- Im just going to get in to it.

I (19M) got a call from my mother frantically telling me that she got a call from my sister's school because apparently she had ingested peanuts, she is deathly anaphylactic, I was at home for reading week, and am studying for upcoming midterms, but dropped everything and drove as legally fast as possible to get down to the school.

I ran in to the the office which was really crowded. There was only one secretary, and I knew instantly who it was- My mother and alot of other parents complain about her being a short-tempered smart ass.

I ran in but there was a line up, I told her my urgent need to talk to her right now due to my sisters allergic reaction and she looked at me and asked if I was blind "there's a line hun".

I waited for about 2 minutes before telling her this really cant wait, she put up a finger and picked up the phone.

I got upset and she called a hall monitor to escort me outside the office until she was "Ready to talk to me" I was yelling to tell her about my sister's allergic reaction yet she told me she didn't want to hear it. I was in absolute awe at her attitude, especially with the situation I was in.

I dialed 911 because it seemed like the school didn't give any fucks about my sister. The secretary saw me and ran out to to tell me to hang up.

She started by telling me "See hun, I told you to wait for a reason- there was a mix up, A student told your sister that she gave her something w/ peanuts as a joke, we are dealing w/ that student right now, I could have handled this situation a lot better- I have a lot of students to deal with"

I looked at her and said "what on earth are you talking about, my sister is deathly allergic and you expect me not to be worried and to wait and do nothing? Every fucking second counts in an emergency you fucking idiot, what were you expecting? Were you waiting to keep me on edge for as long as possible before telling me?"

I yelled at her for a bit more and she started to tear up and walked off, the monitor told me to leave "The school isn't going to deal with a hysterical child, we are waiting for your parents, where we will then deal with your attitude"

Are you serious? How am I supposed to react in that situation? Yes, I agree I was really angry, but I feel like I was justified- My sister could have fucking died, all she had to say was there was a mix up- I would have waited if I heard a logical reason like that as to why she didn't need to talk to me right at that moment. AITA?

EDIT- 

To add context, some people are confused as to why I didn't immediately go to the hospital, the reasons why are because

1.) I don't know what hospital to go to

2.) they were not contacting me, even though im on her emergency contact

3.) from my understanding, she ran to a teacher and told her she was going to have an allergic reaction, so she got sent to the nurse and my mom was notified, before anything went down the idiotic student who tricked her, told the teacher that it was a "prank" and that she didn't actually have any peanuts, obviously it was a really dumb and small prank that turned in to a big situation, I guess the faculty themselves were confused about what was actually going on so they were unsure what to actually do.So I lent a friend of mine £500. He needed it to see him through til the end of the month and promised to repay me on payday. 
Not a problem, I trusted the guy and knew he was good for it. 

Payday comes and goes, no sign of the money. I sent him a message about it. He said “oh yeah, sorry I forgot, I’ll do that now” 

Two weeks pass and still nothing. I message him again. He said he’d send me the money. Still nothing. He was then avoiding me so I wasn’t able to see him face to face. 

I messaged him again and he didn’t reply.

7 months have passed since the day he promised to have the money back to me by. I’ve not been able to get hold of him, nor have I seen him. 

This weekend just gone, I was out at a restaurant and I happened to see him as I was being seated at my table. He was on what looked like a date. 

Now at this point I could see he was acting kinda boasy because he had ordered about 5 starters. It’s worth noting that this is a pretty pricey restaurant. So I decided I’d go and say hello. 

I pulled up a chair at his table and started chatting to him about how he is and how I am etc. 

I then proceeded to pick up a fork and try a bit of the food. He looked a bit shocked, but it was good food so I tried something from one of the other plates. At this point his date (I’d learnt that this was their second date) said to me, “excuse me, but this is our food. What do you think you’re doing?” 

I looked at her and said “Well since I’m pretty much funding this meal, I figured I may as well sample what my money is getting.” 

I then said to my friend, “it was nice to see you, I’ll leave you to it. We can catch up another day.”

I then left to go back to my table. The people I were with, a party of 10, had very mixed reactions to my behaviour. Some were in favour of what I’d done, others not so much. 

So I’m asking you lot, AITA?
My sister is having a Destination wedding in the Dominican Republic (all-inclusive).  It'll cost me $2800 dollars to attend (there's no option to adjust the dates/costs. it's for a full week).
My sister would be very upset if I don't attend.  My parents say I should go, and that I'm being selfish for saying I'm not going.  

My sister lives far away and we see eachother once a year due to cost/ busy schedules.   I don't make a ton of money, but I have enough money to attend the wedding and my parents and my sister know it.  While I really want to support her --and would attend a local/ more reasonabley priced destination wedding in a heartbeat-- $2800  just seems too much. And less importantly, I have zero desire to go to an all-inclusive resort as I don't drink or enjoy suntanning.

  In my defence, I've worked hard for my money and I sacrificed quite a lot to be where I am financially.  And while I have accumulated significant savings, it isn't because I earn a big salary. But, because I work long hours, and very rarely spend money on anything beyond the bare essentials.  The cost of this trip would exceed the value of my worldly possessions including my car.  It would also require me using a full week of what little time I get off work.

 I really don't know if I'm being selfish, cheap, and callous or if I'm being reasonable.   Last night I almost booked the ticket out of guilt, but, I couldn't do it and have since resolved not to go.  So what do you guys think?  AITA not wanting to attend?I'm trying to keep this vague for obvious reasons. I'm in my mid-30s. I got pregnant from a one night stand. Honestly, I always wanted kids, and for various reasons, it's not likely that I'll ever have a long term partner. I've tried and had many heartbreaks. He's in the military, and pretty much ghosted me once I told him the news. It's fine, it was a one night stand anyway, hardly a love affair. 

I busied myself preparing for motherhood and welcomed twins. When they were just born, he was apparently back in town. He was shocked to see that I'd given birth, and came clean that he had a wife and she could NOT find out about this, but seemed pleased that one child was a boy (gross). I had no idea he was married, but I realized I had to act quickly. 

I promptly filed a paternity case and child support, making sure I could beat out his wife in getting an order as legally, child support is first come, first served. Whoever has the earliest date on the order wins. I knew my children would never get a dime past an order now, so I had to grab what I could for them. My kids were apparently also eligible for some military dependent benefits, which wouldn't hurt them.

Turns out, his wife has five children, all of whom would now get less in child support than my kids if she left him. My one boy is apparently the only male child, and he's apparently obsessed with that. Child support now also apparently takes a huge dent in their finances. She's a SAHM, which I figured but didn't know. She's financially trapped in her marriage now. I'm not a typical mistress and I only slept with him once and didn't know he was married, but to her I am. I'm only trying to protect my children as best I can and get them what they deserve. AITA?Wife has been going out clubbing with friends every Friday night for awhile now. Just recently saw that she left her ring at home tonight. I texted her telling she left it at home tonight, and she responded telling me it’s so she can get free drinks from guys.

Wouldn’t this mean she’s flirting with other guys so she can get free drinks from them? Not sure how to feel about this or how to reply. Will telling her I feel uncomfortable open a can of worms? So I have been dating this Girl for awhile now. She's beautiful. She works as a professional model. Not like an Instagram wannabe but a real professional model with professional shoots and an agency and everything.

She also practices martial arts has a few black belts and works as an instructor in her school, gym, dojo whatever its called. She usually tells people shes a martial arts instructor and not a model. For some reason she doesn't like to tell people she's a model even though thats where she makes most of her money. She only makes like 12 dollars an hour and works part time as a martial arts instructor.

So the other day I was introducing her to some people and she told them she was a martial arts instructor when they asked her what she did. I said "Thats not really how she makes her money though shes a model" and she shot me this dirty look. Later she said I was an asshole for saying that that she doesn't like to tell people shes just met that shes a model and I had no right to correct her. That what she said is true, she does teach martial arts and she wasn't lying. That her passion is teaching martial arts but it doesn't pay that well so she models to pay the bills but that's not what shes passionate about.

I dont see what the big deal is so AITA here for telling people what she really does for money?

\*\*Edit just to clarify I she didnt tell me she preferred to not say she was a model specifically beforehand. I just noticed she never mentioned it but it was not something we talked about until after I did it. Also I was genuinely proud of her for being a model and when I introduced her to my friends.

\*\*Edit 2 Theres so many comments and I am trying to read them all. I do respect her. I do love her for more then her beauty. Shes a genuinely good and kind person, she loves kids (she teaches kids in her classes) animals, just a very big hearted and sweet woman. She's smart and fun and we share a lot of interests. Honestly I am blown away with how pretty she is and I've never dated a woman who is as pretty as she is. So that part does excite me.

I genuinely thought the modelling was the more prestigious of her accomplishments because while you may think I am the asshole for this I do value how much money a field brings in. When I chose my area in college I did choose between a few specialties because this one paid the most. I am going to talk to her about it and find out more about why she values the martial arts more and I am not going to judge based on how much money it makes. I'm going to respect whatever reasons she has.

I shot an apology text (We're both at workright now) and sent her flowers to her Dojo. She said we can talk after work and I offered to take her to her favorite restaurant.

&#x200B;

\*\*Final Edit

At this point I imagine no one is reading anymore I asked the mods if I should post this update and they said to edit it into the original post.

I was really bothered by the things people said. Not because I wanted to bury my head and refuse to accept them but because maybe there was some truth to it. I didn't want to be the guy everyone said I was. I really didn't.

&#x200B;

First I want to make it clear that she never told me before not to refer to her as a model. Yes I knew she usually didn't lead with it but it was never something we had discussed before. We have been dating for around 3-4 months.

&#x200B;

Next I want to say She was meeting some of my good friends. I was not trying to "show her off" in that she was a trophy for me. I was trying to point out her accomplishments. I thought it would make her look better for my friends to know she also made good money as a model. I can see where I was wrong. I did place more value on her career as a model because she made more money and I felt it was more glamorous. I am an asshole for that. I did interject that she was a model and undermine the image she wanted to project of herself and I'm also the asshole for that too. I wont deny it. But I DONT just see her as a trophy. I do see her as a complete and wonderful person and theres more on that later because I learned something really really important.

&#x200B;

After this thread blew up like it did and I had hundreds and later thousands of responses saying what a dick I was I knew I was dead wrong and had fucked up. I texted her with an apology and she said she was used to that bullshit. I asked her if we could talk about it and I could try and make it up to her. She agreed. I told her I wanted to learn more about what she did as a martial arts teacher and asked her if I could sit in on some of her classes. She said she would like that. I made it top priority. I left the office early to go and sit in and see what this was about.

&#x200B;

What I saw really opened my eyes to be honest. I watched two classes and took part in the second one. The first one was her with a kids after school class. She was kind, patient, and just really great with the kids. Someone said something  to the effect that she couldn't be that successful if she only taught kids. Thats dead wrong. It must be much harder to teach kids and I think it makes her a much better teacher that shes able to reach and teach these kids. I saw how she will be a great mother (and before you rip me a new one she DOES want to be a mom one day).

&#x200B;

The second class was a womens self defense class. I took part in this one as "the bad guy" and I was a practice dummy for her lessons on how to fend off assaults. I got manhandled by about 15 women. We had a a few short sparring sessions in between her classes and she worked me. For those of you who wanted her to beat me up she got the chance to (although she didn't hurt me she could have if she wanted to)

&#x200B;

I definitely saw the value beyond money in what she does. She taught 30 kids about discipline, confidence, courage, standing up to bullies, she taught 14 women how to defend themselves from an assault. Most importantly I saw the qualities beyond her appearance that I love most about her really shine. I realized the things I love most about her; Her courage, her compassion, her strength, her assertiveness, her kindness, and patience, her wisdom, her discipline this is where it comes from. This is really the part of her I love. It doesn't come from the modeling it comes from this. I also saw how much she loved what she was doing. I saw in her a light that shone in a way that never does when she talks about modeling. I'm honestly a little emotional about how wrong I was.

&#x200B;

I told her this when I went out to dinner and we talked about what it means to her and why its important. She also filled me on the modeling thing. She doesn't like to lead with it for a number of reasons that most of you pointed out

&#x200B;

First off its not as glamours as I thought it was

&#x200B;

She said many times she has to deal with negative stigmas as the result of saying shes a model

&#x200B;

She works as a model because of a few accidents. She was born pretty and she ran into an agent as a teenager. Thats all it took for her to be a model. It took her years of work and dedication to be where she is with martial arts. She started as a little girl and pushed through it all throughout both her childhood and her teenage years which is pretty impressive when you consider how transient interests usually are for kids and teens. She feels a greater sense of accomplishment and fulfillment doing this then having her pictures taken. She said being called a "Model" defines her by her appearance defines her by WHAT she is and not WHO she is. She doesn't want to be defined by the way she looks she wants to be defined by what she does. She doesn't feel that being a "model" is who she is its just something she does to make money but its not a core part of her identity.

&#x200B;

She doesn't feel the modeling industry encourages a healthy body image for other women and feels guilty that she is the image that many other women look to and are expected to look like. That she often has to deal with jealousy from other women or that she can make other women feel insecure about themselves and she doesn't like that. She doesn't want other women to feel bad about themselves because of her. She feels while its hypocritical of her to profit off of it she feels like it would be stupid to turn down the chance to make good money while she can. She wants to use this opportunity while she is still young enough to earn up the money to open her dojo or buy the ones she works at now and do that full time when she ages out of modelling.

&#x200B;

This is where I lit up and felt I had something to really offer her. I work in finance. Go ahead hate me but I DO like money. I like to have it, I like to make it, I like the freedom it affords and I like to watch it flow and grow. So I offered to help her come up with a financial plan to reach her goal of opening up her own dojo. I thought it was a great opportunity for me to use what I know and love to help her do what she knows and loves. We both win. She agreed and next week we are going to meet to go through her finances and I will put together a plan to help her hit her goal.

&#x200B;

Finally I asked her if it was ok to sign up for one of her classes and she lit up and said she would love that.

&#x200B;

I know a lot of you are probably going to be disappointed she didn't dump me on the spot. I learned a lot today, a lot about her, a lot about myself. In the end this turned out to be something that helped me learn a lot more about who she is and why I love her. So honestly thank you AITA yea you were mean, yea you were vitriolic, yea it hurt, but I needed it to show me how far up my own ass my head was. Is she the better person? Yes she is. Do I deserve her. No I dont, But I am going to do better. I really do love this woman, I wont ever do this again. I'm(38f) always grateful for the gifts he(39m) gives me. He had asked me what I  wanted, all of it was reasonable (fuzzy socks, a pair of slippers, ext.) I got him a special gift he has always wanted, I saved $ for 6 months to get it. Plus, shoes, clothes, tools & stuff I know he'd like. He went shopping on 12/23 at 7 pm, alone. He gave me the kids stuff to wrap. Xmas comes, my stuff wasn't wrapped, it was still in the store bag.I got a lotion set for a teen girl, a vest 3 sizes too big, and 2 identical purses in different colors, 1had a busted zipper, they smell like plastic and not something I'd buy. It looked like he walked into the store, last minute, and grabbed whatever was in the 'return to shelf' cart. I said thank you and told him I love him. I didnt get upset until Saturday. He was going to his aunt's b-day party, I stayed home (w the flu) but I asked what he got her... he goes to the car and got a huge beautiful gift bag. Inside, was a designer purse. I lost it. Not bc it was nicer than what I got but because he really put thought into it. It was her fav color and designer... When I asked why he put so much effort into her gift but not mine, he said 'omg, I spent hundreds of dollars on you' That's not true, he left the receipt in the bag w the purses. Price isnt important to me (so why lie?). I have purses that were $5 that I absolutely love. We got in an argument and he left w/out his aunt's gift. I took my gifts and the 1 for her and put them in his closet. I dont want them. The next day, he said I could have the designer purse, then got mad bc I didnt want it. I wanted a gift that he put a bit of effort into. He admitted he didnt think I'd like the purses and that he was in a hurry. After 22 years, he knows that a hand written letter or a new clock (I collect them) would have been cherished forever. He says I'm mad about the money but I think it's about effort. He gave me the impression that he dont think I'm worth either.I guess it goes without saying that I am proposing, but I should mention my girlfriend doesn't know I will be. I picked out a ring I think she'll like. She never wears rings and isn't a massive fan of diamonds. So I found a really nice gold one with an emerald that's surrounding by small diamonds. She loves green and gold jewellery, and I spent a long time finding this one. It's a created emerald which I think she'll prefer because she definitely wouldn't want any sort of conflict jewels. 

The ring is cheap. It was £300 and has actually gone down to £180. I mentioned this to my sister who said I was a dick, essentially. Apparently, she'll be showing it to her friends (some of whom are engaged), who will know about rings and clarity and such. She says they will see that it's cheap and it will be embarrassing for her. I'm 90% sure my girlfriend doesn't know much about jewellery and clarity.

I could probably get a similar ring that's more expensive. I certainly wouldn't know why I'm paying more, I don't think she would either. However, I am starting a new job soon and was going to buy a new TV for £250. I kind of realised I'm willing to spend more on myself for a random treat yourself present than an engagement ring and I started understanding my sister's perspective a bit more. So WIBTA?

Edit: I just want to clarify that we have talked about marriage and are both on board. It's the proposal in terms of when and how I do it that would be a surprise.

Edit 2: I really want to thank everyone for contributing and helping me out. I left to run some errands and returned to an overwhelming response full of additional advice which goes above and beyond, I really appreciate it. I am not going to be able to reply to everyone, but I am reading and upvoting.

Edit 3: Thank you for the gold. I haven't found the comment it's on yet. I'm still trying to work through the comments!My husband and I rent a house with his brother and wife. We live in a very expensive city and this is quite a big house with great metro access, so that's what's convenient. We get along fine usually.


My husband and I have a son. He's just turned five. The early years were the normal struggle of trying to teach basic human functioning to a kid, but now it's become so fun! During this time there were definitely  low points, when he wouldn't sleep, juggling work and childcare, potty training, etc. There were quite some bad days, but my husband and I got through them and my brother in law and his wife have never been asked to help. Whatever their plans are at home or out, we have never asked them to change their plans or watch our kids.


Recently they had their own child and are going through the newborn stage. Sis in law is on maternity leave and brother in law is working. So a few days ago, I pick up my son from school and we come home before going to a highly anticipated trip to the movies. When we get home, sister is in the living room in tears. It seems her newborn didn't sleep much and has been colicky all day. I sympathise with her and tell her that this stage will be over soon.Then my son and I leave for the movie.


Today my husband told me that both my brother in law and his wife are angry that I didn't offer to take care of the baby for a while so she could have a break. I'm kind of shocked that I'm being asked to do something that they never have offered to do and we have never asked them to do. I feel like they should take care of their kid just like we did.

AITA?

ETA: For all those asking if I resent my in laws for not helping... I think any parent would like help. But I don't feel entitled to their help when it's my husband's and my decision to have said child. However I am feeling really resentful right now that they feel entitled to my help and the fact that they never helped me definitely makes it worse.On Thursday evenings my daughter (9F) goes to dance class with her friend Anna (9F). My wife told me to pick my daughter and Anna up from school, get them something to eat, and take them to dance.

I pick them up from school and ask where they want to go to eat. My daughter asks to go to this noodle place we go to sometimes, and I ask Anna if she would like that and she says sure, so we go. We all order and start eating, when suddenly Anna looks distressed and said she thinks she is having an allergic reaction. I ask her if she has allergies and she says she does to peanuts... and I look in her dish and it's clearly a peanut sauce.

I rush her to the hospital (we were pretty close so it was quicker than 911 would have been), and everything ended up being ok. I felt horrible. I call my wife when Anna is in the hospital room, but there is no answer and I do not have Anna's mother's phone number. So after Anna is given the all clear I immediately take her back to her house and explain what happened to her mother.

Her mother is furious, saying that I could have killed her child. I said back that she should have told me about her daughter's anaphylaxis, why would I assume something like that. She responded that you always ask about a child's allergies before getting them food. She also said that she didn't know I would be getting them dinner (School ends at 4 and dance isn't until 6, so I thought it would be safe to assume I would be giving them food..) I apologized for what happened, but still feel like Anna's mother definitely should have let me know in this situation, and also Anna is old enough to be aware of her anaphylaxis.

AITA?When I (22F) was 11, the family dog died. I was very sad and repeatedly asked my parents to get a new one. They finally agreed, on the condition that I'd be responsible for it and take care of it. That's how I got Mickey, the cutest Cocker Spaniel and best boy ever.

I did take care of him. I took him for a walk every day. Started spending my own money to buy him food. I was so motivated with the whole dog caring thing, I even read books and magazines on how to properly educate it. They made a big point of feeding it properly and not spoiling it with human food, so I tried to stick to dog food.

But my mom (53F) would still give him "treats" which consisted of pretty much anything she was eating, including sweets, chocolate and cookies. Throughout the years I confronted her about it but she'd just brush it off every time. I tried to buy her "good" treats, actual dog snacks, that she could feed him, but she continued to feed it junk.

Over the years, Mickey started gaining weight. He refused to eat proper dog food, eating only my mom's junk food. He also grew very attached to her, mostly because she spent all day at home with him and fed him. I was still the one taking him on walks (not once did my mom do it), playing with him at the park, but he seemed to prefer her company to mine. She'd even make snide remarks about how he'd "chosen her as his mommy" and "liked her better". This only increased my resentment towards my mom.

Fast forward a few years, I had to move away for college. I reluctantly agreed to leave Mickey with my parents. His health started to decline even more. My mom didn't take him out at all, and without me to control her, he grew even more obese. Every time I visited I'd see the poor thing getting worse and just looking sad and it'd break my heart.

This has been going on for four years. Mickey is now eleven years old, half blind and with very limited mobility. Last week, he started vomiting blood. My parents took him to the vet and found it's going to need surgery to survive.

That surgery's going to cost roughly $2000. My mom doesn't have the necessary funds and asked me to cover it. I told her I can't do it. I do have the money, but it's nearly all of my savings which I need for myself. I love Mickey, but I can't justify spending all my money, specially when his health is so poor and he'll probably die from something else soon anyway.

Upon hearing this, my mom accused me of being heartless and "basically killing the dog". She said I'm the reason she bought Mickey in the first place, and reminded me of my promise to care for him. I told her she's the reason he's dying, and that she's been poisoning him for years.

Later my dad called, told me I'm being unfair, that even if my mom hasn't cared properly for the dog, it's wrong to let him die "just to punish her". The dog's life is more valuable than an "I told you so" to my mom. He asked me to reconsider. I still said no, but now I feel really conflicted. So Reddit, AITA?My (25M) girlfriend (23F) has always talked about how it’s her dream to move to X country. She brought it up on our first date (we’ve been together for a year and some change) and has mentioned it practically every other day since. 

At the beginning, I went along with it, told her how cool it would be, we talked about if I would go with her, how crappy our current country is (I’m an expat and she’s a local), etc etc 

Recently, however, every few times she mentions it, I’ll bring up her spending habits. In the time we’ve been together, she’s spent around 8,000USD+ of her own money (plus her credit cards) on a few high ticket items. 

The last time she brought it up we sat down and calculated how much money she’d need to save to get started. 

After we had the number, I started calculating something else. Balenciaga shoes + LV bag + Gucci sunglasses etc etc until we came up with the number she needed to move and told her it’s never going to happen if she keep buying expensive things 

She’s called me TA, that I’m trying to control her money, I’m trying to humiliate her, make her feel “small” and it’s none of my business what she buys, and of course all of her friends are saying the same thing 

IMO she could have made her dream come true long ago, and I was only trying to lay it out for her

AITA?This happened a few days ago and my girlfriend thought I was a bit rude, but I thought I was completely justified.


So we booked tickets for an almost full flight and the only row with 2 seats near each other had someone that already booked the seat in the middle. I figured they did this because they didn't want anyone booking next to them, but they were the only seats left so I booked the window for myself and the aisle seat for my girlfriend. 


When we boarded the guy openly admits to booking the middle seat just so nobody would want to book seats next to someone sitting alone, he even stated that it usually works and he’s very proud of it. Then he asked if I could give up my window seat to get to sit next to my girlfriend. I was admittedly a little upset that he openly admit to just taking the middle seat so nobody would sit next to him. I honestly didn't want to give up my window seat and my girlfriend didn't want to give up her aisle seat since that's what we both like. So we denied him, and he just comes at us with, "you really don't want to sit next to your boyfriend or girlfriend, do you guys hate each other that much?" I answered, "no, we just really don't want to reward you for booking your seat like a dick."


As I said my girlfriend said I was a little harsh and we could have switched seats, yeah it would have been nice to sit next to my girlfriend, but at the time she didn't want to sit next to me either. 


So AITA here?Settle in, this'll be a long one...

New 1st time dad here to a healthy little princess born this past Thursday. Unfortunately, the joy my wife & I felt in this scenario was temporarily halted by my mother's wholly inappropriate behavior that I'm just not ok with.

Some background: my mom has always been one of those people with a massive victim complex. People she knows go out to dinner & don't invite her? Must have been intentional. A decision is made without getting her input? Must have been done on purpose to spite her. You get the idea. 

This behavior manifested heavily 5 years ago when we got married and became a sore point for a long time. Once she found out we were expecting, again the negative behaviors came out. 

Tired of her leaving a stain on every moment that should be joyous, I finally had a sitdown with her. I told her in no uncertain terms that I wasn't going to raise my daughter in a negative environment like this, that we want her to be around and involved but her attitude needs to change. I was polite but firm about all of this. She resisted at first, resorting to her usual ways & thinking I was just plotting to get away from her completely, but in the end she claimed to have understood where I was coming from and promised to try and change her tone.

Well, the big day arrives and everyone is at the hospital. Baby is born, we had some bonding time as a family, then invited the grandparents (both sides) up to meet her. On arrival we introduced her and shared her name (we'd elected to keep it a secret). My wife and I come from different religious backgrounds and thus different naming traditions. Mine is to name after a departed loved one, hers is to name after a living relative. So our compromise was to name her after my grandmother (mom's mom) who passed a while ago and make the middle name for her mom, our daughter's grand mother.

After being in the room a bit and meeting her the question inevitably comes up of how we came up with her name. So I explain and at first she's beaming that her granddaughter is named for her mother, then when we get to the middle name her face changes to a look of pure anger and she says YOU DID WHAT?!? I calmly explain again, only to get OK, folded arms and a pouting demeanor clearly displaying her disapproval at this choice. This is supposed to be a happy occasion and I finally decided enough was enough and told her it was time to go. This lead to resistance from my dad, her going off the rails again about how everything is against her, and my wife hysterical that another even has been messed up. So I told my dad flat out that this behavior is the reason why and I won't have my kid around it, that when she's ready to behave like the grandmother we want our daughter around she can return but for today we're through. Apparently according to any and all in my family I'm the asshole for stepping in this way.

I don't think I did anything wrong here, but I leave that decision up to you guys. TIAAlt account. Ya boy done gone made a massive whoopsie. 

Basically I [20M] recently started a job where I have mostly female coworkers. Amongst them is a small group who all have young kids around the same age. They go to mum-and-kid activities together, babysit each other's kids, have coffee mornings, hang out at the weekends etc. There is one coworker who has  complained to me a few times that she feels deliberately left out by this group. She refers to herself as "mama" and often talks about "the kids", so I assumed she had children of her own and sympathised with her that she was being excluded from the mummy group. However, Friday I asked to see a picture of the kids...and she showed me a photo of three cats. Quickly dawned on me that she's a fur mama with fur babies, which I get bc I love my animals too, but it made it weird to me that she's pissed about being excluded from activities involving actual human children when she has none herself. When she later complained again about not being invited to something I kinda gently said "maybe it's cause they're hanging out with their kids, I don't know if fur babies really count in that context". Coworker got upset and ran out crying. 

Turns out, she's infertile and desperately wants kids but can't have them, so her considering her cats as her kids is how she copes. Obviously I feel *awful* now, I didn't mean to insult her or invalidate her feelings like that. Still I'm saved a little by the fact that I didn't know, right?

ETA: I bought her her favourite coffee and apologised this morning. She's still being a bit standoffish, but it's better.I have an aunt who married a VERY rich man. They've been together for over 20 years and have 3 teenaged children together. She looks down on everyone else in the family because no one else is as wealthy or "high class" as her. Every time I see her (which thankfully is not often) she makes snide remarks about my income, education level, weight, relationship status, apparel, tattoos... basically anything she has a problem with.

I have a child with my ex from whom I recently split. We're on good terms though, and he doesn't have family where we live, so he's been coming to all my family's holiday events. At the latest dinner, my aunt was there and made a comment asking why he was there and saying "I thought you broke up." Well 10 years ago, her husband left her for a younger woman and moved out for about a year. I am growing sick of her running commentary and judgement of my life so I replied "Didn't your husband leave you for another woman? Why is he here?"

Everyone in my family is LIVID. Everyone thinks I owe her an apology. I've explained countless times that, while I probably could have used more tact, I'm sick of the judgement from her and sick of being looked down on. Everyone knows she's a judgemental witch, but everyone enables her behavior because she pays for trips and things for the family.I moved into a new apartment building about a month ago. It's a doorman building and most of the doormen are really nice. I always say a pleasant, "Hi, how are you? Have a nice day/evening" to them when I leave or enter the building, but I don't stop to chat to them as I have seen some of the other residents do.

&#x200B;

One of the doormen (whose shifts coincide with my coming home from work) has this habit of trying to strike up a conversation with me as I'm almost out of the lobby and heading down the hallway to the elevator - like, he'll shout out a question to me, or comment about the weather or something. I usually (pleasantly) shout back an answer and keep walking to the elevator, as I'm always exhausted after work and just want to go to my apartment and relax.

&#x200B;

The other day he shouted out to me, "Come here, Miss Pretentious," so this time I turned around and walked over to the front desk and said politely, "What did you call me?" He then proceeds to say I'm pretentious and obviously think I'm better than everyone else in the building because I won't stop to talk to him or the other doormen. His tone wasn't angry or mean really, just kind of jokey but in a condescending way. I politely explained that it's not that I think I'm better than everyone but that I'm just really tired after work and want to go home. I also said I find it weird that he always tries to talk to me as I'm almost out of the lobby, thereby necessitating me turning around and walking back into the lobby in order to have a conversation (if I wanted to). He ended by saying that I won't fit in with the "culture of the building" if I keep on refusing to talk with the doormen. I told him (again, politely) that I wasn't really interested in fitting in with the culture of the building and told him to have a good night and I then walked away.

&#x200B;

Since then I have seen this doorman twice and both times he has greeted me with, "Hello, Miss Pretentious" (same jokey, condescending tone) as I walk into the building. I have completely ignored him both times.

&#x200B;

I feel like I should probably talk to him and tell him I don't appreciate being called that, but honestly I just want to report him to his supervisor as I'm getting sick of dreading walking into the building and I feel like I shouldn't have to deal with that in my own home (ok, building). So WIBTA if I just go ahead and report him? I don't want to get him fired or anything, but I do want him to stop.I’m posting this from my wife’s account and both perspectives are included. I, the husband, am asking if I’m the asshole. 

This is a topic we’ve been debating for the past almost two years now. It’d be great to get some outside perspective and judgement. 

My perspective (husband):

My wife went into labor three weeks early so somewhat unexpectedly. Over the prior couple months I had started developing an intermittent toothache. About two or three hours into the 19 hour labor, I probably ate something delicious. 

After eating something delicious, I can’t quite remember what it was, my tooth started hurting in an ungodly way. I’m talking sharp, eye-watering pain. Her contractions at this point were very far apart, and she was in very little discomfort. 

Over the next couple of hours the toothache became a competing topic of conversation with the imminent birth of our first child.  I didn’t want to leave her side to look for medicine until her parents arrived. 

Once they arrived, to my surprise I was able to find an oral numbing medication at the hospital convenience store. That with a couple Excedrin was able to alleviate the pain just as my wife’s contractions started to pick up. 

Am I the asshole for discussing my mouth pain during her labor?

Wife’s perspective:

My husband had been complaining about a toothache for months and months throughout my first pregnancy. It kept getting worse, and every time he’d complain I’d say he should go to the dentist, but he refused. 

So as he mentioned, as I was in labor he started to once again complain about this tooth pain. Granted I wasn’t in terrible pain, but for a few hours while I was in the hospital getting ready to push a child out of my body he continued to complain frequently about his toothache. 

I did feel bad he was uncomfortable, but I had asked him multiple times to get it checked out, and there were other things at the moment I felt I should be focusing on. 

I’d like to also mention it wasn’t just he mentioned once or twice his tooth was hurting, this dominated the conversation for probably a couple hours. 

He is a great father and husband, but is he also the asshole?My daughter is 16. Myself and her mom separated when she was 12, and we both live in the same town and maintain a healthy relationship, and split custody 50/50. I taught my daughter how to drive, and was with her when she got her license last month. Last week, my daughter came home with a ticket for texting and driving on the highway. This caused a huge concern for me. The ticket included a $200 fine and a 20 day suspension of her license.

I was obviously very upset and we got into an argument about it. Her points were that "everyone does it" and that she doesn't do that often, or when other cars are around. Not only was she defending herself, but she was essentially arguing that she does it safely. I told her that regardless of when the suspension kicks in, she is grounded from driving until she has shown that she can be responsible enough to not put her own life, or the other lives on the road, in danger. I took her car keys (a car that I had bought for her as a getting-your-license present).

She went and called her mom before I did, and next thing I know, I have her calling me and telling me that I had no right to punish her like that without talking to her first. I agreed that I should have talked to her first about it, but that I feel like the grounding is nonnegotiable. Her mom actually took her side, and said the same "everyone does it" bullshit, and that she needs a car to get to work and hang out with friends. I told her that it is ridiculous that she is even supporting this. The conversation ended with her telling me that she wasn't going to enforce the rule, and would allow her to drive one of her cars at her house.

I waited a few days, until it was her mom's turn of custody. I called her and she confirmed that she isn't backing off, and that she is going to let her drive until the suspension kicks in. I told her that she is actively letting our child endanger her life as well as everyone else's. She told me I am making this a much bigger deal out than it needs to be, and she said that if it was actually that serious, she would have gotten more than a 20 day suspension.

In my state, the parent that signed the minor-driving consent form when you get your license has the ability to have your license revoked, so I did just that. They warned me that this will count as a full revocation on her record, and that she will be ineligible to get it again until she is 18. I went through with it and texted her mother to tell her that I revoked her license, and sent her a picture of the paper the DMV sent me. She told me I am out of line and making decisions for our daughter without consulting her. I told her that she was neglecting her safety and I wasn't going to allow her to enable our daughter to endanger herself or someone else on the road. My daughter is livid at me, and so is her mom, but I feel like I did what I had to do.

AITA?

Edit: Reply notifications are turned off. I’ll still look through some of them, but they’re coming in by the dozens every time I pick up my phone. Thanks to everyone who inputted.I need a new car as my old ones is over 35 years old and on it's last legs. I also decided to get a upper end luxury car which was a huge upgrade from my old but reliable Volvo since I figured I'd earned it and I could pay for it outright.

I took my boyfriend with me to the dealership as you do as a couple. 

A salesman approached us and the entire time, from the start to finish, kept talking to my boyfriend even though I clearly introduced myself and told him the car was for me and that I would be paying outright for it.

My boyfriend was off put by thing and kept referring the salesman to me when he asked my boyfriend a question and even pointedly said at some point " I don't know, it's Delicious\_Cancel's car, ask her".

The salesmen would then look at me, I'd answer and then the next question, back to my boyfriend. 

The only question I was asked was around colour preference and leather vs fabric interior. 

I was kind of internally fuming at this point. The final straw was after the test drive (of course he gave the keys to my BF), I said that I really liked the guy and he turned to my BF and asked if he should get the paperwork ready.

I interjected and said I wanted to think about it. I had already decided on the car but I didn't want to commission to go to him. My boyfriend could tell I was a bit upset about this interaction and offered to go to another dealership with me tomorrow or leave a review or something.

So we left and came back the next morning, a different salesperson greeted us and this one was much better, ridiculously charming, flattered me by saying a hard working woman like me deserved a good car and all the flattery I was expecting when being sold to. 

I told him we'd driven the car yesterday and decided to buy it and we did, no hassles. I even managed to negotiate some extras since I told him I was giving him a sale for very little effort on his part.

I was recounting this story to a friend of mine yesterday who is sales (but in IT) told me I was a bit of an asshole because the previous salesman had done all the work and I gave the sale to someone else when I was wanting to buy the car anyway. 

He said I should have asserted myself a bit more on the spot and given the previous salesman more of a chance rather than try to screw him over behind his back because now he'd never know why he'd lost the sales. He also said that sales was a tough job and maybe old habits die hard. Or if I didn't want to buy from him at all, I should have given him a concrete reason so he could learn.

I think my thing is, it's 2020 and it's basic sales 101 to speak to the person who holds the purse-strings. Also it's not my job to teach a saleperson anything, I just want to have a smooth experience buying a car.

So AITA for going out of my way to not give a sale to what I believed was a sexist salesman?Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/ekicbi/aita_for_telling_my_7_year_old_the_truth_about/

Brief Recap: I am a single dad to a 7 year old boy. His mother has struggled with drug addiction and hasn't been in his life since he was an infant. When he asked about his mom in the past I would just tell him that she wasn't able to take care of him the way he needed to be taken care of. He pushed for more information a couple weeks ago. He asked why he had to live with his grandmother before living with me. I told him, "Because your mom and I weren't talking when she was pregnant with you. I didn't know she had you until your grandmother told me. After that I did everything I could to get you." He asked if he would ever be able to see his mom again. I said, "I don't know. I don't even know where she is. She has a sickness called addiction. Sometimes when people are sick like that they make decisions that no one understands. That doesn't mean she doesn't love you though." He cried, I felt bad, and my mom told me I told him way too much information. I came here looking for judgement.

Update: I was overwhelmed by the amount of replies. I did get a lot of people calling it a validation post. I didn't mean for it to be but it was nice to see so many people say that I wasn't the asshole. It gave me some more confidence in my parenting. I don't know much about kids or parenting and am kind of learning on the fly here. Seeing his and my mom's reactions made me think I ruined my son's innocence. I have decided to get some parenting counseling for myself to help me navigate different challenges. For my son, I talked to him about joining a group for kids who have parents that struggle with addiction. We have a center here that does a weekly group session for kids. They separate it by grade so my son will be with about 10 kids around his age dealing with the same thing. The coordinator said the group has everyone from kids who have never met their drug addicted parent to kids who see their drug addicted parent everyday to kids who have lost parents to addiction. My son is very interested and I am glad he'll be able to see that he isn't the only kid dealing with this.

Thanks again to everyone who commented. I still don't know if I am doing the right thing but I am trying my hardest to raise a strong, happy, and healthy kid. I hope his mom gets to see him one day.I come from a fairly well off family, and my husband and I do well  (although we both work high demand jobs for it). We’ve always been very generous to his side of the family. Gifts are very much both my husband and my “love language” and in my culture (Chinese), elaborate gifts to inlaws are very socially acceptable as a way to show they are held in high esteem. It also helps with some of our guilt for being super busy and not always around. Additionally, my side of the family exchanges generous gifts. One concern of mine originally was to treat my husband’s family the same as my family, i.e. by not spending way more on my family than his.

Last Christmas, we had some weirdness over Christmas day present opening. I had purchased a lovely cashmere throw for SIL (husband’s brother’s wife). She googled the brand and price then and there (which kind of annoyed me) and later I overheard her make some joke about how she could pay “half a mortgage payment.”  Several hours later during brunch, someone asked her what was wrong (she seemed upset) and she confessed that our presents always make her feel bad, she’s tired of us “throwing our money” in her and her husband’s face, and Christmas has become really stressful with pressure over gift giving. Husband and I apologized profusely, and did some self reflection afterwards on the unintentional effects of elaborate gift giving and decided to go more low key in the future. Although a little part of it has always sat poorly with me since. 

This past Saturday, I attended a baby shower for the same SIL. It’s the first gift giving occasion since Christmas and I really wanted to do it carefully. I asked a coworker who recently had a baby what range is typically appropriate (she said she mostly got gifts between $30-$50) and so I decided on three little things from the registry totaling just over $30. Anyways, at the shower it becomes clear that while certainly most gifts were in the $30-50 range, all attendees who were family members seemed to give more like $100 gifts. Near the end of the event, MIL pulled me aside and said that SIL felt like I was being spiteful to her for  Christmas. I again apologized and as a cover, said that husband and I had written a check for the little one’s college fund as well but didn’t feel it was appropriate to hand to her during the present opening. Then I scurried off to the bathroom and wrote a check for $100. When I found SIL by herself for a second I handed her the check and explained that we wanted to give her this earlier but present opening seemed like a bad time. She looked at the check and kind of bitchily said, “We don’t need your money.”

I kind of snapped and told her bluntly (and not like yelling, but not like in hushed tones either - people nearby apparently definitely overheard) that her that I was tired of her shit and if it made her feel better, we could just stop exchanging presents in the future. She started crying and I immediately left. I’ve been getting my texts from everyone in the family and her best friend about how I ruined the baby shower ever since.

(ETA for additional  context - My husband and his family are American and we live in the US. We are in our early/mid 30s, my BIL is 28 and SIL is 24 or 25.)

(ETA2 - I realized her comment might have made the xmas gift sound way more than it was. The throw was 320 pounds, which isn’t quite half a mortgage payment, but not cheap either. I purchased it for her during an business trip to Scotland last year. It is not fancy looking or flashy at all (light grey)  and not a obvious “ designer” brand, just an old Scottish maker. It was intended to be good quality and last many years. If she hadn’t looked it up I don’t think it would have been an obviously expensive gift.)Throwaway because all parties know my account name.

Backstory: My boyfriend (Alex\*) and I have been together for 4 years, I’ve become friends with his two best friends (James\* and Noah\*) but we’re not particularly close nor do we ever hang out without him. I work for an airline and one of the major perks is that I get discounts on flights that I can also use for family and friends. As I am in my first year with the company I only get a certain number of discount seats and I had 3 left for the year.

Situation: Alex asked me if I could use my discount to buy tickets for him and his two best friends. I happily agreed since he deserved a nice holiday. He booked his time off work and they made their plans. They were to send me the money and then I would put it all on my card just for simplicity.

Three nights ago Alex came home really upset. He told me his friends had decided to change the holiday dates, bringing them forward a week, because it clashed with a concert they wanted to go to. He was upset because he couldn’t move his holiday dates with work and when he told his friends they had decided to go without him because they had been looking forward to the gig for ages. I was pretty angry on his behalf especially since he had done most of the planning, including finding the hotel. To make up for I started planning a trip for me and him on his holiday dates.

James messaged me last night and said he would put the money in my account this morning. No ask if he could still use my discount, no explanation for what they had done, nothing. I was outraged that he would even suggest using my discount after fucking over my boyfriend. I sent him a polite but blunt message explaining that he and Noah were no longer able to use my discount on this holiday as I would be using the seats for me and Alex and that they were still welcome to use them on a holiday that involved my boyfriend in the future. He replied with a barrage of texts saying that I was being selfish and unfair as I had “promised” two seats to him and Noah and that they were using the money they were saving to go to the concert. He even phoned Alex to complain. Alex is torn. He thinks it’s a little unfair to let his friends down and doesn’t want this affecting the relationship between me and his friends so I should just give them the seats to keep the peace. I refused and was hurt that he was still taking sticking up for them.

Am I the asshole for going back on my word and choosing to use the seats for myself?

&#x200B;

UPDATE: Thank you everyone for your support. I must admit I know this seems a bit like a validation post with all the NTA votes but I hate going back on my word and I guess I did feel a bit like an asshole just because I've known these guys 4 years and didn't want to make life hard for my boyfriend so I needed some honest opinions. This sub has shown me the light and I will be showing Alex this when I get home. He is a massive people pleaser and hates letting people down so that explains it but he's going to get a spine even if I have to grow it in a lab. I'm standing my ground and taking the trip myself. Any holiday suggestions?

2ND UPDATE: Thank you everyone for your votes and insights. It made me realise that even though most of you have voted me NTA, there are some things I hadn’t considered. I have spoken to Alex and shown him this thread (guess I don’t know why I used a throwaway) and he actually feels a lot better about speaking to them about it now. He apologised for making me feel bad for standing up for him when he didn’t stand up for himself and I apologised for not discussing my choice with him before I told his friends they can’t use my discount in the way that I did. He said he’s just going to let it play out but he’ll be willing to forgive them eventually. So for those wanting a final dramatic update, I don’t think we’ll be getting one. 
For anyone asking or not believing the story because of this: I don’t know the story of the concert, this is the story as I know it from my point of view. They’re going to see SKEPTA.I'm currently 6 weeks pregnant and have a 15 month old. This pregnancy is a surprise and honestly, I wasn't sure we should have another, because we had a rough go with our first. During the newborn phase, I was SO exhausted. I was breastfeeding, baby had colic, I was in pain with 3 2nd degree tears, etc. I do not easily fall asleep, so after waking up with the baby at night, it would typically take me another 30 minutes to fall back asleep, and I was roughly getting 2.5 hours of sleep a night for a good 3-5 weeks (it's all a blur now).

My husband had cut back his gym time once the baby was here, but was still going 3-5 times during the week. He would silently be ticked if I asked him to not go to the gym. I truly think he thought he was really pulling his own weight (he'd help with the bath, would feed her bottles, change diapers, etc.). But sometimes, that "help" wasn't enough. Sometimes, I NEEDED another adult to talk to and to lend me a hand in the evenings. Example: one Saturday I got up to pump. They were both awake (8:00am). He said he was going to head to the gym since I was awake, and I started crying saying "please, can you let me sleep a little bit more- she was up all night and I got maybe three hours or so of sleep" and he got pissed since he had already gotten up with her that morning and let me "sleep in." I told him that it must be nice to even have the ENERGY to go to the gym. The ONLY thing I wanted to be able to do was sleep. I got the response "I'm sorry you hate being a mom!"

Now that I'm pregnant again, I mentioned to him "if I thought the last time was really hard and overwhelming, how the hell am I supposed to get through it while also having a 23 month old?" I told him this meant he was going to have to help out more and probably not go to the gym as much. Well, he did not receive this kindly. He texted me the next day "Just to be clear, I feel like I do a lot. I will not be able to help out with daycare, as I drive a work truck and cannot have another passenger in my car. I will continue to go to the gym, because health is important to me and I need to go to relieve stress. The reason you're so stressed is because you choose to hold and entertain our daughter all the time, while I think it's ok to let her cry if she's bored. You need to think about if you want this baby. "

I fucking lost it.

I said "I cannot believe you would rather me have an abortion than make any more sacrifices regarding your gym time." But he is adamant that I am the selfish one

ETA: I work full time when not on maternity leave (6-8 weeks)

ETA: People seem to think I'm bitter because I'm out of shape, and that's not true. I am a runner and try to run at least 15-20 miles a week (on my own time, immediately after work while my daughter is still in daycare). 

ETA: He left work early today to get his work out in so he could be home with us this evening. He picked up dinner, helped feed the baby, played with her outside & is giving her a bath now. This is DEF not the norm, but I think maybe he’s realized what an ass he’s been. Still need to have a convo, probably with a counselor, but, things are looking up?Throwaway. My girlfriend and I are in a huge/ potentially relationship ending argument. I need to know if ITA. 

I’m in a very LDR with basically the girl of my dreams. Absolutely beautiful, smart, driven. Things have been great despite being a several hour plane ride away from each other. 

She came to town, and I was so pumped to introduce her to my friends. They threw a party, and while on the way, GF randomly asked “are there any girls I should be worried about” This is probably where I fucked up,  but I explained that a girl I used to see will likely be there. Explained that we were supportive of each other during our respective divorces, and we hadn’t seen each other since well before I met GF. I was asked if we ever slept together. I said yes, because...we had. Also important to say that we never told out mutual friends about our fling, it wasn’t a big deal. 

Everything started out great. Everyone was so welcoming to gf, including ex who was there with a new guy. 

GF gets drunk and made a comment about single moms dating being weird, almost directly after ex mentioned  her children. She randomly asked why she divorced ex husband...in front of everyone, and then asked, again in front of everyone, where we had gone on dates. I was honestly so surprised. So was everyone else. 

I apologized to ex and her guy as they were leaving, and she said “no worries. Play 23 year old games, win 23 year old prizes” (were all in our 30s) and gf heard this and sobbed in the bathroom for the rest of the night. She was so devastated that I didn’t tell her that was out of line; however, I feel like nearly everything gf said to her was out of line. 

We got into the biggest argument about how I didn’t have the decency to stand up for her. I told her honestly, I should have stood up for ex when gf relentlessly tried to embarrass her, and she can’t be surprised at a little passive aggressiveness after the way she acted. 

She’s now back on a plane, and we will “discuss further” once she clears her head.

Am I the asshole?

Edit for clarification: friends are all in our 30s, girlfriend is 23. 

Edit 2: update: I’ve gotten a ton of requests for an update, so here it is. I admitted that I’m an asshole for how I’ve gone about things, and how uncomfortable she must have been. I adore her, but I’m not comfortable with the default response being “I’m jealous, I’m going to be rude to someone I don’t know” 

She is embarrassed and feels that those friends will always “choose” the other girl. I tried to explain that they would never choose, that they do love other girl (in their wedding, kid was a flower girl, etc) and that I can’t do anything about that, but I do know that every person there has embarrassed themselves drunk in front of each other. Every one of them, and I definitely think she can recover. But she doubled down on the jealousy a bit, and the situation made us both realize that we glorify each other from a distance, and that it’s probably not going to developed past this. 

For the record, neither me or the other girl have feelings for each other that aren’t strictly platonic. Yes, I understand her comment was towards me. Plus, her new guy is a great guy, and really tried to make her (and everyone else) comfortable in an uncomfortable situation, guess I should take a page out of his book. Going to try to make this quick. I'm 22 and my sister is 18. I went to my sister's room to grab a top she had borrowed(we do this all the time, borrow clothes go into each other's rooms to get them back) and I notice she has Facebook open and the profile pic is...well..me. I have to do a double take because it really caught me off guard. I know I shouldn't have but I snooped at the profile and it was just pictures of myself- my sister literally has a fake Facebook profile of me.

I'm livid at this point for many reasons. 1. I don't do social media. I'm a private person and I don't like pictures of me to be on profiles like that. 2. Some of the pictures she had were ones that she took without me knowing 3. Other pictures that she had were ones I had sent to friends which means she has gone onto my computer and taken pictures off.

I delete all of the pictures and I check her computer and find a folder filled with pictures that she has taken of me and ones that were on my computer- not even all of me per se, ones of my friends, group photos, food I had taken pictures of. I go through even more and find out that she has even stolen nudes that I had taken for my boyfriend.

I deleted the folder completely and went back to the fake facebook profile. I uploaded a single picture of her with the caption "The real me", changed her name(she was using my middle name and a fake last name) and then left her room. I've heard her sobbing from her room all day but I'm too angry and embarrassed to even confront her right now. AITA for messing with the profile and not just confronting her in the beginning?

&#x200B;

Update: I decided to confront my sister since I couldn't stand sitting around with a knot in my stomach. As soon as she saw me she started crying and begging me not to tell our parents and saying she was sorry. I told her that I don't think I could ever forgive her and that it made me sick to even look at her. I asked her why she had the fake profile. Apparently she met a guy 1 or  2 years ago on another site and she was too nervous to give him a picture of herself so she sent one of me. He really liked the picture and from then on it just snowballed. She got deeper into it, made the profile and said that she enjoyed all the attention it got her. I brought up the nudes and she played dumb at first, and then said that she must've accidentally copied them over too. I told her that I didn't believe her but she's sticking with that. I asked her to delete the facebook and got the e-mail and information attached to it so that I can change it and make sure she doesn't try to reactivate it. She tried to make me feel bad and tell me that she was gonna lose a lot of her friends because of this and how that was the reason she did it in the first place. At that point I just felt like she only felt bad she was caught and didn't really care about my feelings. I told her that she was being selfish for only thinking about how this hurt her but never thought about how her lies hurt me. She got upset again and I left shortly after. 

&#x200B;

I saw people mentioning that I should change my password on my computer- I've done that. I've explained the situation to my boyfriend and he offered to let me move in with him which I'm probably going to take him up on. I can't be in the house anymore- I feel so uncomfortable and I feel so paranoid about running into people that she may have talked to or sent pictures to. 

&#x200B;

Thank you for people that have sent kind words/messages/advice. I really appreciate it. Today has been the worst day of my life, hands down. The relationship with my sister will never be the same and I don't think the uneasiness will ever go away.My ex an I have an incredibly long history. We met when I was 18 and he was 19. He was my first love and we dated about a year. But after the break up we continued an off and on again friends with benefits relationship until I turned 23. Which was also the same time I found out I was pregnant...

He was going to school to be a doctor and he was in his second year of getting his doctorates when I found out. He also was studying in another state that was on the other side of the country. I got pregnant during one of his visits back home. 

When I found out I was pregnant I told him immediately. He was very very angry and asked what I was going to do about it. I told him I’d be keeping it and he told me he wanted no part in the child’s life because it was going to ruin everything for him. I told him that wasn’t an option. 

I myself grew up with my birth father jumping in and out of the picture and it’s a big stem of my mental illnesses now. All things he knew.

After begging him to be in the baby’s life throughout almost my entire pregnancy one day he and his parents called me and offered me a deal. They offered to pay me a very hefty child support until the day the child turned 18 if I never forced him to be a real father. His parents (who are very wealthy) promised to take care of everything.

At first I said no. I refused and called them all assholes and told them my baby was gonna have a dad... but after talking to many of my friends and family they thought it best I take the offer. They told me there was no use in forcing him to be a shitty dad to my baby. I finally agreed about 8 months into my pregnancy.

I took sole custody of course. It’s been 7 years and I had a beautiful baby girl that I love more than anything on earth. Every single month I get a check and not once has it ever been late. I haven’t seen or talked to my ex since the day he handed me the first check. Until about a week ago. 

I get a call and it’s my ex. He tells me he wants to take joint custody of our daughter. The daughter he has never met in his or her life ever! I was infuriated and told him no. He told me that I can’t just say no because he’s gonna take me to court where a judge will decide. 

I was crying and screaming and asking why he was doing this. He told me he was sorry but he’s ready to be a father and he wants to be there for our daughter. When I told him I was going to fight him with every fiber of my being to make sure he got nothing he told me I was being ridiculous and I need to grow up. 

I’ve told my family and friends and almost all of them have told me I need to give him a chance and that I’m just being a bitch. The only person that agrees with me is my mother who watched me get torn apart by my fathers constant jumping in and out of my life when I was a child. I know that this is going to be a hard fight and ultimately it is the courts decision but I just feel like I need to fight this. AITA for being so against him getting any custody?

Edit: for all the people that are confused about age. We met in late teens. Got pregnant when I was 23 and he was 24. I’m 30 now and he’s 31.

Edit2: for all the people that are saying I’m TA for not getting an abortion. Thanks! BUT I remember asking if I was an ass for telling my ex I’ll fight him over custody. Please stop telling me I should have aborted my 7 year old daughter. It’s very much too late and I never asked for your opinion on that matter.My GF and I have been together for nearly 2 years now. We get along great and already have moved in with each other. I am a pretty laid back guy and like to "go with the flow", whilst she is very organised and likes to take charge, which works very well for us because we are always pulling in the same direction because our personalities match up well!

A couple of months or so ago we were having the conversation about women's sanitary products. We were discussing how expensive they are etc and we got onto the subject of "menstrual cups" (the ones where you can just keep reusing them, so it would save us so much money in the long run. My GF looked them up, we did some research and ordered one (specifically one called "mooncup")

It took my GF a while to get used to it, but by her second period she was accustomed to it; problem solved!

Now here is where the issue begins... I live in the UK and as many of you probably know, us Brits love a cup of tea... Whenever I make a cup of tea I always empty out the old water from the kettle, just so I can fill it up with fresh water and maximise the flavour. Yesterday I poured all the water out of the kettle to make myself a brew, and my GF's menstrual cup fell out of it!!

I was a bit shocked and called out to my GF (in the other room) "Babe, why is your menstrual cup in the kettle?!"; 

To which she replied "Oh I was boiling it to 'sterilise' it, to make sure it is clean for my next use, I thought you knew, this isn't the first time I have used the kettle to sterilise it"

I was lost for words and told her that is disgusting, we drink water from this kettle, who in their right mind would use it to boil something that collects blood from inside of you??? She got pretty upset and we had an argument about it. She thinks I am being unreasonable. Do you guys think I am the Asshole in this situation??My daughter is 8, and has developed a bad habit of scaring and disturbing animals for fun.


She would jump from behind with a stomp and a "WA!" to any animals minding their own business, be it birds, stray cats and dogs and even butterflies and give them a fright, usually resulting them to either run or fly away. 


We tried talking and scolding her, but she just brushed them off. She thought it was okay as long as she doesn't physically harm them.


So a while earlier she was on the sofa playing Nintendo switch, looking very focused, and I decided to let her have a taste of her own medicine.


I approached her from the back quietly before snatching the controller from above(in case she dropped it) with a stomp and a "WA!". She was dazed for a moment before bursting into tears. 


My wife called me a childish AH for scaring her like that, but I meant it as a lesson for her to know how animals feel like when she scared them since words could not get to her. AITA?


Edit: I did talked to her and explain why I did it after she calmed down but my wife got in the way and insisted I apologise and make it up for her. I don't think that's appropriate since that defeats the purpose of teaching her a lesson, so I ended up posting on reddit to see if I am really in the wrong.


Edit 2: Thank you for the comments, I shall leave a little update here. I am glad that most people here agrees with me to the point of becoming Validation Post. The silly thing is that that this same post sparked another argument between me and my wife and our daugher was the one who made us cut it out, talk about being mature adults!Background: My sister and I have never gotten along. I don't know why, I wish I did so I could fix it but so it goes. I had invited her to come country dancing with me every time I was home, but she never wanted to go.

My date for the wedding was my swing dance partner. We tore up the floor all night long. Any time a country song was on, we'd go dance whether the dance floor was empty or full. We were having a blast which was great because I really didn't want to be there since my sister put my ex of 7 years in the bridal party (the groom didn't really know him at all and turns out he doesn't really like the groom). My dance partner asked my sister if she wanted to dance at least three times, she declined, and danced quite a few times with the maid of honor who doesn't swing dance, but can sure follow a lead and killed it!

A few members of my family have told me that my dancing at the wedding was inappropriate and I should have toned it down. They have even gone so far as to tell me that I hired a professional dancer to be my date (he isn't... I met him Jr year of college when we started dancing weekly together at a bar)

So my question is, am I the asshole for dancing like I know how to dance or should I have dialed it back a but for the wedding?

Edit: Just so it's not hidden in the comments because it's been the center of why most think I'm the asshole, we were doing aerials, not every song, but they were there. 

I've seen some follow up with thank yous and such on the AITA posts, but since this is my first timing posting I'm not sure when to do that. Thanks everyone, you all are right, I didn't think that I had done anything wrong coming into this, but wanted to get the crowd opinion. It seems like popular vote is I made an ass of myself. I just wanted to say thanks for the perspective check. You all gave me some stuff to think about. I had never heard the etiquette rules about aerials either, so that's good to know now too. I always thought that was just a bar rule.My 16 year old son was catfishing people on the internet for petty cash (10-50 dollars per person.) 

I couldn’t believe it. I don’t know how I screwed up as a parent this badly to fail to instill in him that this is wrong and morally depraved behavior. 

I asked why he’d do this to innocent people, mostly elderly people, and he said he needed money to buy things we wouldn’t buy him (video gaming equipment, expensive sneakers, etc.) 

I told him when he asked for those things to go get a job, but he said it would take too long to save up for those things with a job and this was faster. 

His excuse was if they’re stupid enough to fall for his scam, they deserve to have their money taken. But he swore he wouldn’t do it again. 

I didn’t believe him. I couldn’t risk that. I felt I needed him to have a wake up call now when there’s still a chance he’ll turn this behavior and life outlook around. 

I collected all the evidence of what he’d done and reported him to the police. 

After I did this, I was devastated, and called a friend to vent and ask where I’d gone wrong in raising him. 

She was horrified. Not at his behavior but at what I’d done. She said there was no reason I couldn’t have settled the problem within the home and didn’t have to open my son up to the risks of the legal system. 

Now I’m even more broken up. And I don’t want to put our business out there by running the situation by many other people. 

Was I the asshole?My ex husband and I divorced when my daughter was only 5yo. It was a messy divorce which ended in him getting primary custoy. I could have her every other weekend. Our marriage hit the rocks after the death of my twin sister. Depression hit me hard and I became an alcoholic. I willingly gave him primary custody so that she could have a better life. From then on, I strived to improve my life. I did AA, went to rehab and I've been sober for a long time now. By the time my daughter was 9, I was completely sober. I looked forward to our visits. I was really heartbroken that I didn't get much time with her. 

He remarried and I was really happy that she had a good family to take care of her. But over the years, her stepmom completely replaced me. She called her mom( I don't resent it, but it definitely stung ). She completely took my place at her school events, and after a while, my daughter didn't even inform me about anything in her life. I could clearly tell that she was no longer eager to visit me. I was not financially strong and could not afford all the things that her stepmom could afford for her.

At her graduation, she introduced her as her mother to other parents and I only got one picture with her. I was crushed. And when she turned 18, she asked her stepmom to adopt her. That broke my heart. She did not contact me much after that.

I moved to a different state after that. Moved on with my life and I met an amazing man who is now my husband. We have a daughter together. I've completely moved on and I don't resent anyone. I have a great job, a loving husband and an adorable daughter. I'm content. I don't regret or resent anything. 

Recently, my bio daughter contacted me and wanted to meet up wuth me. She's 28 now. According to her, she was kicked out of her house after my husband divorced her mother. She fell into depression, did drugs, skipped college and she's jobless. She's pregnant now and she wants me to help her. She apologized to me because she hurt me at that time. According to her, her mother manipulated her. 

Idk. I don't feel any connection between us now. Honestly, I've moved on and that chapter of my life is closed now. I don't want to open that wound ever. I don't think it will do any good for my mental health and I'm scared of the impact it might have on my young daughter. I don't think I can or should have her back in my life. WIBTA here??

Edit: I've talked to my ex and he told me that the step mom was a gold digger and cheated on him. But my daughter dropped out of college on her own because of her depression and started doing drugs. He tried to help her out but she never improved. So he finally kicked her out an year ago and never contacted her again. He adviced me not to take her in. He doesn't know that she's pregnant.

Edit2: I'm helping her find a place to stay and a sponsor for support group. I'm not letting her stay with me for now. I have explained to her that if she's not sober she will lose the custody of the baby and she told me that she'll do her best. Thanks for all the replies. ( And I learned the spelling of lose.)Alright, hear me out, because I know how this sounds. I (22M) have been best friends with "John" (22M) for about 6 years. We always had a fairly affectionate relationship, but I never really thought much of it. About 5 months ago, John came out to me and I was completely supportive, but to be honest I started to consider some of his actions in a new light. 

For example, he tries to cuddle with me, hug me from behind, etc. I am completely supportive of him being gay, but some of these actions are making me uncomfortable. Also, he is pretty possessive and gets very upset if I ever spend time with a girl over him. He always says things like "you don't care about me anymore!", seemingly just to get me to say that I do. It's getting pretty exhausting, and frankly I am starting to wonder whether he has a crush on me based on his behaviour.

I told him about a month ago that I would appreciate if he reduced some of these behaviours, and he did not take it well. He was upset, and again it was about how I am trying to push him away. We haven't hung out quite as much since, but when we do there is just as much physical contact as before, even though that is one of the issues that I addressed.

I feel like I can't put up with this anymore. I want it to be clear that I have **no issue** with him being gay, but I would just prefer if these actions were not directed towards me.

WIBTA if I ended this friendship?The son of one of my husband's family friends showed up to my wedding in his marines formal wear, complete with all his medals. Now, I have nothing against anyone in the military but this was a black tie optional wedding and frankly it felt very out of place and it seemed like he was just trying to show off. My wedding had over 300 guests and nobody else felt the need to wear something to make them stand out.

Up until the point that I asked him to leave, he of course was acting very well mannered and like a complete gentleman, as one might expect from a member of the armed forces, and there were even a few excited teenage girls at my wedding who wanted to take a picture with him, to which he graciously agreed. Many people were thanking him for his service, and frankly it just felt like the only reason he wore that was to be in the spotlight and make it about him, which I don't think you are supposed to do at someone else's wedding. If he wants to wear that to his own wedding then fine, but the whole point of having a dress code at a wedding is so that no one guest will stand out too much.  I felt that he should have known this, since the whole point of uniforms in the military is so that you don't stand out from everyone else!

I felt kind of bad about asking him to leave, but it just didn't feel right for him to be there like that.

AITA?A few nights ago I was hanging out with one of my friends, and we decided to order food through Door Dash. About 30 minutes later, I get a notification that the delivery guy is approaching with our order. Without a word she dashes out of the front room, I'm confused, but the doorbell rings, so I go answer it. 

Once she hears the door close, she saunters back into the room, grabs the food from me and starts pulling out items. Still confused, I ask; 

"What was that all about." 

She then tells me that she doesn't like to be seen when delivery guys are at the door, because "they always hit on her." She then shows me a group of saved messages from delivery drivers/service workers asking her out. Apparently it's a common occurrence for her. 

I was shocked, and we get into a conversation about how inappropriate it is for them to do that. At some point in the conversation she says; 

"That's one of the drawbacks to being really pretty. I mean if I wasn't so obviously out of your league, then I'm sure you would hit on me all the time" 

I laughed, because I thought she was joking. But she kept pushing this point, so I responded with; 

"Honestly, you're not that attractive, a lot of guys are just desperate, and they probably think they have a chance with a girl who looks like you." 

She tried to laugh it off as well, but the rest of the night was pretty awkward, and we haven't really spoken to each other since. 

TL;DR - My friend who is constantly being hit on told me I was out of her league. I told her she wasn't as attractive as she thought she was. We haven't spoken since.So we tied the knot and decided that after saying 'I do', 'Sarah' and I would each have our own digital camera to take any photos we wanted during the rest of the day to record our own personal memories, then put these in a section of our wedding photo album. It was her idea and I thought it would be fun. 

Fast forward to us getting these photos developed after the honeymoon. We look through them together for the first time- to summarise:

Her photos: Me in my suit, me with our God daughter, me with a few friends, me drunk at the after party. More of guests, decorations, the beaitiful cake but most of them are of me.

My photos: a seagull that was perched on the church, some guests, blurry lights, and many silly pictures of my groomsmen.

As soon as Sarah saw the pictures I had taken, she was clearly holding back tears, and not happy ones. I asked her what was wrong and she wouldn't tell me at first because she felt embarrassed, but after asking a few more times she admitted that she felt disappointed that I hadn't taken a single picture of her in her dress. I basically told her that I didn't really think to, as anyone who has been to a wedding knows that every camera is pointed to the bride. She replied that she wanted to see herself through my eyes on our wedding day. This conversation went round in circles until she just snapped at me that i found a seagull more noteworthy than my bride on our wedding, and now she's gone to bed angry. I feel like this conversation isn't over but as it's our first fight as a married couple, I need to know if I'm in the wrong.

So, am I the asshole here? I... feel like she's overreacting a little. I thought the cameras were intended to record whatever we felt like. I didn't know she'd expect me to take pictures of her.

**EDIT: Info: we did hire a photographer during the ceremony. The cameras were for after, she wanted candid pictures to make memories. I remember her saying she was okay with some being lighthearted. She prefers candid photos because they feel more natural and capture our own memories more**

**EDIT 2** I'm the asshole. And a clueless idiot. From now on I'm going to make up for it with all the candid photos possible, and have noted a few lovely little ideas from commenters. Thank you to all who have judged me, I accept my judgementI was asked by a female coworker to lift something heavy in the kitchen while I was working at my desk, but when I got to the kitchen, it was filled with other women having a conversation during working hours. I was offended that she would go out of her way to ask me while I was working just because I was the nearest available man, so I refused. The other women were clearly offended by my decision and some thought I was joking, so I kept on refusing until one of the women gets fed up and lifts the dang thing with ease. I thought one of them should have done it in the first place.

Am I the asshole?

Edit: To clarify, the women in the break room weren’t on official breaks. They just happened to be there because they all needed a second round of coffee and started a conversation amongst themselves. There are no official break times in my workplace. Also, I was working on something at my desk when I was asked to lift said object.

Edit 2: At the time of being asked, I was asked to help “lift something” in the break room. I assumed it was a package of mail or paper and I didn’t know I’d be doing it myself, nor did I know it was merely to replace a five-gallon bottle of water for the water dispenser.

Edit 3: This was not the first time in the day I refilled the dispenser. I’m the closest man who sits near the break room, so I’m regularly asked by superiors to change it and am not in a place to refuse my boss. However, the woman who asked me is not a superior and isn’t exactly petite either — none of them in the break room are. Furthermore, the cap on the bottle is one of those that prevents spills by being pierced when it’s placed on the dispenser. I have also witnessed a 4’11” woman change the bottle, so height isn’t exactly much of an issue here.

Edit 4: The woman who asked me does not have a poor relationship with the other women in the break room. She is also married with children and I’m the only openly gay man in the office, so, no, I highly doubt she was trying to flirt with me as suggested by some here.

Edit 5: I never lost my temper or became argumentative during all this, but some here assume I did. I just refused to do the task for her.

Edit 6: I am not the strongest person in the office — far from it. I don’t lift weights and stay slim out of preference. We even have some female gym fanatics here. Also, I barely know the woman who asked me. She’s in another department in another part of the office.

UPDATE: I very much wanted your responses because of a follow-up discussion with one of my female coworkers who was within earshot when all this happened. She still defends chivalry, while I obviously find it illogical. Our office is currently going through a renovation and, while clearing out a storage room, we discovered our old water dispenser involved in all this. Yes, everything I posted happened almost a decade ago. Our discovery sparked a heated discussion and I wanted to put the issue on this subreddit for others’ viewpoints to close our debate. I put little effort in my original post without thinking I’d get so many responses, so my apologies in advance for the list of edits.

I’m still employed with this company, and some involved have left. If there was any hostility towards me afterwards, it was not noticeable and certainly played no role in my eventual promotion. I’m glad to have played a part in changing the minds of my female colleagues. It’s no longer a habit for them to look for a man when some physical exertion is involved, and I am often told by women to let them handle tasks once exclusively done by men. Our head of HR also announced in a staff meeting that we’ll be employing more men to bridge the gender gap in our office, and some married coworkers told me they’ve even made positive changes at home as well — all stemming from a seemingly petty ordeal.I was born on a Res and lived there for most of my life until going to college in a nearby state. In my community, we have a number of talented women who are amazing at beading. They make some truly remarkable stuff. Caveat is that they will only sell or trade to other people from the community, and possibly another tribal group. It's just how they do it. 

I have 30 or so pairs of all kinds and wear them with pride. Almost every day I wear a brick stitch earring of some kind, it's just part of who I am, where I'm from, etc. Brings me a lot of joy.

Anyway a woman at work has really fallen in love with them. She compliments them and examines them. No issue there. Lots of people do. One day recently though, she asked me where I got them and if the person has an "Etsy" shop or something where she can buy her own. This woman is white with not a drop of the heritage in her, by her own admission. 

Now... personally I have no issue with white people wearing the earrings! It's not about that. Wear whatever you want. But the women in my community do not sell them to outsiders (again, for the most part). It's just not done. 

I told her no, and she asked for the contact information so she could commission a pair. I told her no again, that the person who makes them is very particular about who she makes them for. She kept pressing me, telling me "Well let her make that decision!" and stuff like that. 

I got tired of this and told her, point blank, this person will not create or sell anything for you because you are white. She got extremely upset and threatened to make a statement to HR about me being racially discriminating.

AITA? 

My reasoning is that if she wants beaded earrings, she can learn to make them herself, she can buy them from anyone else (there are so many white women on etsy who make "boho style" earrings), etc. She is merely upset because this one person will not cater to her.Me (50sM)

My daughter (32/f)

My son (27/m)

I love my kids equally.  

My daughter lives at home rent free, which has allowed her to pursue her passion.  We don’t charge her rent and so she’s built up a good deal of savings (~50k).  

My son is a bit more aimless.  He has a college degree, but he and his girlfriend have chosen to pursue a more nomadic lifestyle.  He supports them (gf doesn’t work) and does odd jobs/gigs.  They have lived in Airbnbs for two years, until about a month ago.

Last week, my son came to me to speak in private.  Apparently, they have been living off of credit cards and now my son owes ~30k.  There’s no way he’ll be able to pay that off on his current job.  He has moved back in and is looking for more steady work, but it’s going slowly as he has little career history to speak of.  Meanwhile, the creditors are calling constantly.  The debt will inevitably grow with interest.  My wife is pushing hard for son to file for bankruptcy to manage this. 

I don’t want my son to file for bankruptcy.  It would be a huge stain on his credit and make some jobs impossible to get.  I believe my daughter should loan him the money out of her savings.  When I pass all my children will have is each other.  They should learn how to rely on each other more.  

I told my daughter I think she should loan son the money.  She got extremely angry and left to live with her mom.  Her mom, my wife, and my daughter are all angry at me now.  

AITA?

ETA: hey everyone!  It's Vish, or "son" I guess lol.  It's been an interesting time being the most hated dude on Reddit, but my dad won't be answering more questions or responding to comments.  Honestly I didn't even know my dad knew what Reddit was, so getting to the first page has been an experience to say the least.  

I know I fucked up, and I'm working hard to make it right.  My sister works incredibly hard for her money and I would never ever accept a dime from her.So as I write this I'm feeding my 7 week old son. I am totally in love with him, he is amazing. However... The process of bringing him into the world was not good. At. All.

In order to explain why i might be an asshole I think its important to explain the circumstances surrounding my sons birth.

I had incredibly bad morning sickness, to the point that I weighed less at the end of my pregnancy than before I conceived (my bmi was 23 pre pregnancy). I could barely walk due to bad hips, my stomach muscles tore apart, and I got a ridiculous number of stretch marks all across my stomach and back.

Then came labour and delivery. I was in labour for 92 hours. My son was back to back, so i was in agony. I had two failed epidurals, ended up on gas and air, paracetamol, and morphine, and still spent hours screaming into the abyss. In the end his heart rate dropped and I had to have him delivered in theatre by ventouse.

I ended up with a second degree vaginal tear, which got infected. My son was ill following delivery and ended up in the NICU for a few days. I had issues breastfeeding once he was out of NICU, and ended up getting mastitis twice within a week, before my milk supply dried out totally. I spent 12 days in hospital total before going home.

Once home my son got ill again and ended up back in hospital on three occasions.

He's finally better and we are finally a normal happy family at home.




So why AITA?

Well, before I got pregnant / gave birth people would tell me how magical pregnancy was and how giving birth wasn't that bad and that you forget the pain as soon as you hold your baby etc. Which, pardon my French, is bollocks. I still remember every moment of pain and currently don't believe I could mentally deal with another pregnancy.

Part of the reason I think I have struggled so much emotionally with all the issues I had was that my experience totally jarred with my expectations. Nobody told me that everything can go wrong. I didn't expect my birth plan to go as I hoped, but i thought I might get some things I wanted. I never expected to have such difficulties feeding my son. I didn't prepare for him being ill. I didn't prepare for feeling totally helpless and useless.

So when my childless friends (who planned on having children in the future) asked me how labour and delivery went, I was totally honest.

I didn't sugar coat anything. I explained everything exactly as it was, and told them of the problems we had as they happened. I have been very honest in saying that whilst my son was worth all the pain, I probably won't be doing it again.

Well my friends have said that I'm an asshole for being so honest as I've put them off having children in the future. I didn't mean to scare them, but I felt that I would have rather had more realistic expectations of what could happen.

I don't feel like I should apologise or say that I exaggerated anything to make them feel better, but maybe I'm wrong.

So reddit AITA?For a friend's birthday I got him a budget record player from Amazon along with 10 old vinyls from a second hand shop. He is pretty into music so I thought it would be a cool gift. Plus I'm tight on money to give him anything more expensive.

After I gave him the presents at the birthday party he opened it to test it out. Here enters Pretentious Music Snob (PMS), he starts fiddling with the record player, as soon as my friend opened the package.

PMS: (asking me) How much did you get it for?

Me: 60 dollars.

PMS: (friend's name) be careful of the needle. It's a cheap vinyl player and it might scratch the records.

I thought that was a weird thing to say, considering that he was right in front of me, but I gave him the benefit of the doubt since it might actually be useful advice.

My friend put on a vinyl and it started playing. 

PMS: The speakers sound pretty crap.

Friend: I think it sounds fine.

PMS: You know what you can do? You should take out the speakers from the player and rewire it to better speakers to improve the sound. Here's the setup I have at home. (Pulls out his phone, starts showing him stuff) The one that xxx gave you is like the cheapest record player you can buy so it's not going to give you a good sound.

At this point I was pretty annoyed. He might be right, but I think it's a dick move to straight up say that my gift crap when I was right next to him. So I decided to call him out.

Me: Hey look, if you think that my gift is trash, why didn't you get him something better yourself instead of a 20 dollar gift card? (Yes, he got him a 20 dollar gift card for my friend's 18th)

The room became silent and it got pretty awkward. I know that it's the thought that counts and it's bad to compare the value of the presents that you give, me calling PMS out about the value of his gift might be shallow and petty, but I reckon that he deserves it for talking shit about my gift right in front of me.

So AITA?

Edit: I posted this before going to bed (I live in Australia) and woke up in the morning expecting like 50 comments but Holy Crap this blew up. Here's some additional info:

When birthday friend opened the present, everyone gathered around and was watching because we're (mostly) 18 year old who have never seen a record player at work before. So when PMS was pointing out the flaws in my gift, it was to everyone at the party since all the attention was on the record player, and thus him at that moment. 

To be honest I'm not a confrontational person and I wouldn't have said anything until the point where he pulled out his phone and showed birthday friend what he thought would be better gifts, that was the last straw for me. I said what I said to A) shut him up, I wasn't in the mood for listening to him saying how bad my gift was for 10 more minutes B) Yes I said it in a way that embarrassed him. I'm not a saint, I didn't take the high road, but I sure as hell feel good about standing up for myself. 

When I said the room went silent and awkward, it was like for 10 second. I've apologised to birthday friend over text for making a scene, he said to not worry about since PMS was also annoying him. 

I posted this to see if my response was appropriate and that I didn't over escalate it. My conclusion is that sometimes you gotta be an asshole yourself to stand up to a bully and I don't regret what I did.I was at my in law's house yesterday, alone with their god daughter (we'll call her Ashley, she's 28), while my husband was out doing stuff with his parents to discuss important family matters. I was already feeling pretty stressed and anxious about how their conversation was going to go. I don't really have a great relationship with Ashley, so I was just keeping to myself in one of the guest rooms on my laptop with a large glass of wine. About an hour later she comes in, panicked, asking if she can borrow my car. Apparently, her high school aged sister got in a really bad fight with their extremely dysfunctional father and needed to be picked up.

My car is a new Mercedes that cost me around 80 grand. I absolutely did not want her taking my car, especially somewhere that was almost an hour away. I asked her if their dad got physical with her sister in this fight and she said no. So, I told her I would rather her wait until my in laws got back and see if she could take their car. 

She starts yelling at me that they probably won't be back for a few hours and she needs to get her sister ASAP. I told her that unless she believes her sister's safety is at risk, I don't feel comfortable with her taking my car. She asked if I could drive her to get her and I told her I had too much wine to drive. She then proceeds to shit on me for being "irresponsible" for drinking and not anticipating I might have to drive, as well as "selfish" for not letting her take my car.

When they get back, she asks to take their car and makes a huge deal about how I wouldn't let her take mine. She goes on about how my "fancy car is more important than a child in crisis". I told them she said the girl wasn't in any danger and she tells me to fuck off before she gets in their car to leave. 

My in laws said she's just being an overprotective big sister and not to worry about it. When my husband was driving us home he told me I made the right call because Ashley is a very reckless driver, and totalled a car a couple years ago after driving too fast. However, the next morning my in laws text me that Ashley was incredibly upset and I should have just let her take my car. 

So, am I the asshole here? Like I said, she told me the kid wasn't in any danger. I feel like I'm being shat on for having boundaries. Am I off base?I'm half Japanese and my family recently moved into my stepdad's house.  I speak English with my brothers but Japanese with my mom. At the dinner table, my stepdad will get angry if we speak Japanese because he feels left out.  He frequently stands up and declares that he is left out and leaves the room to watch TV.

I have major problems with him as he frequently trash talks my dad and screams at us.

I live in Australia and my mother is the only connection I have with my Japanese heritage and being able to speak Japanese is really important to me.

I don't feel obligated to speak English around him just because he wants to hear what I'm talking to my mom about.

Edit:  To clarify Japanese is the only language I have ever spoke with my mom and it feels incredibly weird speaking English with her. I speak Japanese with her even around other people e.g my dad or friends and family.

Edit: I know it's been about 5 months and no one probably cares but I kinda want to thanks people for helping me out in a hard time. We've moved out of his house about 4 weeks ago and for the first time in a year, I've felt relaxed and at peace.So my 15 year old daughter is in her first "serious" relationship with a boy she was friends with before they started dating.  I put serious in quotes because while they spend time together frequently, they are only ever alone in public places like the mall.  My daughter and I have a good relationship and she has shared that they haven't done anything more than kiss at this point.  I am not naive enough to think they couldn't be doing more, but my daughter has given me no reason to mistrust her.

The problem is that the more time they spend together, the more demanding of her time the boyfriend is becoming.  He calls and texts her constantly and gets upset when she doesn't respond immediately.  She has explained to him that she is not tied to her phone, especially during the summer when she is doing things outside or with friends.  He has told her that he worries about her when she doesn't answer, and if she really loved him she wouldn't make him worry.  She recognizes this as manipulation and has told him that it is not okay.

She sat him down and explained that she does not like how demanding and controlling he is becoming, and explained that if he doesn't stop she will break up with him.  I was very proud of the way she handled it.  We have taught both of our kids that it is important to define your boundaries and then expect the people around you to respect them, as well as taking the time to understand and respect the boundaries of others.  I think this is especially important as they navigate their teenage years.

Last night while she to a 30 minute bath he called her 7 times and sent her over 30 texts that started with him just saying "Babe, call me" and culminated in him saying there would be consequences for her ignoring him.  It was the last straw, and she told him she was done.  He then blew up her phone until she blocked him and removed him from all of her social media.  He then started contacting all of the people in their shared group of friends, trying to get them to talk her into giving him another chance.  She.  Is.  Done.

As a mom, I would want to know if my son (13M) was treating someone like this.  I recognize that this is a learning experience for both of them, and hope that this boy can learn to have healthier relationships on the future.  WIBTA for contacting his mom and letting her know everything that has been going on?  We have chatted in the past, and I have her contact info, so it would be easy to get in touch with her.  Or would I be overstepping my bounds by getting involved, since at this point my daughter seems to have done a good job of handling things on her own?

&#x200B;

UPDATE:  I talked with my daughter tonight and told her that I was considering calling his mom to discuss his behavior.  (For the record, I would have done this even without all of the suggestions to do so.  I respect her enough to keep her in the loop.)  I explained that I don't think she could have handled the situation any better than she did, and I am so proud of her for advocating for herself and her boundaries.  But I have concerns about the way he continues to stomp those boundaries and try to manipulate her.  I am also concerned about his future relationships if he doesn't make some serious changes, which probably won't happen without some intervention.

She was not upset at all and said she understood why I would want to call his mom.  She asked that I wait a couple of days to see if he stops the behaviors on his own.  We agreed that if he is still trying to call and text her and her friends by Friday, I will make the call.  As a side note, the friends he has contacted have all told him that he needs to give her space and understand why she broke up with him.  She is lucky to really have a great group of friends.  

&#x200B;

Also, for those of you who have asked... From a very early age we have always emphasized the importance of boundaries with our kids.  We never forbid them from being friends with kids we saw as potential bad influences, but focused on what makes a good friend.  When problems arose, we would talk to them and help them see when someone wasn't respecting them (or when they weren't respecting others).  So her recognizing that he was being manipulative and needy was an extension of that.  I'm so happy that years of those types of conversations worked and she has a very good grasp on what health interactions look like!I know the title sounds bad but hear me out.

I'm 47F, my husband is 49M, my son is 28M, his fiancee is 27F.

When my son proposed, we talked to both he and his fiancee to find out their game plans for the future. We wanted to buy them a house but one question decided *how big*: do they plan on having children?

Their answer was "yes", so we did buy them a house, but kept it in our name. Because they were common-law at this point and not yet married, we worried what if they broke their engagement: if the house was in my son's name for example, she would be entitled to some of it. At least in our names, our family is protected. We think the world of his fiancee, this was just a devil's advocate, worst case scenario thing.

They've been engaged for two years and the wedding is coming up this October. But we were hit by a bombshell a couple of weeks ago that they no longer have any desire to have children. This is fine: we don't expect or assume anything, if they don't have kids, it's their life, we don't respect them any less for it. But it made my husband a little tiffed that we specifically bought them a big house under that assumption.

We would have bought them a smaller 2+1 bedroom or thereabouts if they planned on being childfree. But instead we were told children are in their future so we bought them a 5 bedroom home. This is like the difference of a factor of two. We spent our money needlessly.

I'm pushing my husband to sell the house because it's in our name still. My husband says it will create a rift between families but this whole thing was based on misinformation. I don't think they did it with malice "hehe we get a bigger house if we lie", but I think they knew they didn't want children. You don't be in a relationship for 8 years and don't have that conversation, right?

Would I be the asshole for selling their home? We'd get them a smaller one, of course, we just don't think they'll need anything bigger. They'd never be homeless.

**EDIT**

Just so it's clear, we don't mind or care if they have children or not. The problem is they have a larger house we bought specifically for a family. Children need extra space. Now that it's out of the question, they can make due with a smaller house.

Our other son is married to a wonderful man and we bought him a house, too. Same kind of scenario as this, they got a 2+1 bedroom house. In our names until they got married, then transferred to their name once married. This is how we're giving our two children wedding gifts. There's already been hubbub between my children "why does x get a 5 bedroom home when we only got a 2 bedroom", etc. "Because they're having children" can't be our reasoning anymore.Just as a little background, I grew up in a very strict Christian family where I wasn’t allowed to cut my hair, ever, because “hair is a woman’s crown”. It was down to my knees by the time I escaped at 18. Ever since then I’ve either had a pixie, a buzz cut or have been totally bald, because I cannot stand the heavy feeling of long hair or all the brushing/washing/detangling after dealing with it for so many years. So that’s a big reason I’m so stubborn about this issue. Also, all of my friends involved in this story have always known me as the girl with no hair. Right now I’m bald because I always shave my head completely for the summer. 

One of my good friends is getting married in August and she chose me to be one of her bridesmaids. Everything had been cool, she’s always been the sweetest person and she showed no signs of going Bridezilla before this, until she called me up about three weeks ago and asked me if I could do her a favor and wear a wig to her wedding. She explained that she wanted all of her bridesmaids to match and that she wanted us all to look good in the pictures. I told her I really didn’t want to get a wig, and we’ve been on bad terms ever since.

All of our friends are on her side because “it’s just a wig” and “it’s not like she’s asking you to grow out your hair for the wedding, so she’s not the one being unreasonable.” And I know I can be very stubborn sometimes, which I guess is the reason I’m posting here. 

The thing is, I don’t know how many of you will be aware of this but a wig that will actually look good/realistic is expensive. I’ve already paid for a bridesmaid’s dress, new shoes, and plane tickets, as well as a small deposit for the person who’s going to do our makeup. This wedding has already cost me a fortune. I could afford a wig if I wanted to, but do I really want to spend the money on something I’ll never wear again when I’ve already spent a ton? Not really.

Also, this is going to be on a plantation in Louisiana. In August. I’m already going to be hot and uncomfortable, and a wig will make things a thousand times worse. 

My biggest reason-and this is why my friends are saying I’m the asshole-is the principle of the thing. I feel like it implies I look bad because I don’t have hair, which I personally don’t think is true. Is being bald so hideous I’ll ruin her pictures? Is she going to make her balding father wear a toupee? And I think the “I want us to match” thing is stupid. We’re already wearing matching dresses, why isn’t that enough? I know it’s “her day” and we’re supposed to make her happy, but isn’t there a line? 

I’ve offered to wear a cute headscarf as a compromise if my bald head is that offensive, but she’s not having it. I’m still in the bridal party and invited but I don’t know for how much longer, honestly. AITA for not wanting to wear a wig?

EDIT: Just to add two things: 1. She’s not willing to pay or reimburse me for the wig, in part or in full 2. Along with the headscarf I’d also be willing to grow my hair out into a pixie cut, the wedding is at the beginning of August so it’d still be really short though.I (17M) was horrendously bullied by this guy, we can call Jake (17M). Jake was quite popular and sociable but for some reason kept targeting me, calling me names, slurs, etc. I hated him so much, I'd hate going to school and him being in class. I dreaded it.

Well we found out that Jake unexpectedly passed away in his sleep. When I saw this on Facebook, I saw lots of RIP posts from classmates, but my first reaction was relief. I felt a weight lift off my shoulders.

When I came to class, people were crying and my teacher (50F) said we need to take a moment silence for him. After the silence was done, I just said out loud ''I don't care that Jake died. He was a bully''. People looked at me instantly and gave me death stares, I could hear some people muttering swear words.

But then some people came up to me and thanked me, they said they hated Jake too. Honestly I'm fucking glad he's dead. I feel so much better about my life now. Some classmates called me AH, his girlfriend (ex now lol) came up to me and called me every name under the sun, AH was one of them. I just said to her ''You need to calm down and relax'' and walked away. 

I honestly feel good and so do some other classmates. AITA?

**Edit - The reason I say 'now ex lol' is because she chose to be in a relationship with an awful, awful person. That's bad character judgement on her part, and also complacency.**

**Edit 2 - Way too many comments to read....Gonna sign off for a bit and read them later. I have had many helpful PM's. Thank you to those who reached out.**(Throwaway with names changed because I know a few of my coworkers use reddit.)

So there's this guy at my work, James, who makes derogatory jokes about his wife. Any time his spouse comes up in conversation, he'll make one of those 'oh, my wife is such a nag, the old ball-and-chain, *women*, eh?' jokes.  He'll always say it with a big grin and then laugh, but he does it *constantly*.
  
And when I say constantly, I mean constantly.  In the three years I've worked with James, I've only heard him mention his wife without making a joke along those lines maybe three or four times.  It really gets on my nerves to hear him trash talk her all the time.  

Today another coworker of ours said that he was making plans for his anniversary with his wife, and James butted in and said "oh, yeah, mine's coming up soon, too.  I guess I need to do something or I'll never hear the end of it."

And I kind of lost my temper and asked him "If that's the way you feel why are you still married to her?!" 

James kind of sputtered a bit that he was joking, and I told him that he always talks about being married like it's a burden, and that there comes a point when even the funniest jokes get old, and that his jokes about his wife haven't ever been funny.

It kind of went to an awkward silence until James left for the day.  Some of my coworkers are glad I called him out on it, some of them think what I said went too far.

So AITA here?  Should I apologize to James tomorrow?I want to preface this by saying that I’ve been 100% financially independent from my parents since the day I graduated college. I know they don’t owe me a dime and I’m grateful for everything they’ve given me in life. 

I have a sister who is about a decade older than me, and my parents promised each of us a set amount of money towards our weddings. My sister used this money to have a big, beautiful wedding and I’m happy my parents were able to help make her special day like something out of a fairytale. Now it’s my turn to get married, but my parents have admitted to me that they gave away the money they had saved for my wedding to my sister. 

My sister, a mother of one, had a series of health problems and had to freeze her eggs if she ever wanted to have another child. She didn’t have the money and only had a few weeks before her hysterectomy so she asked my parents for the $13,000, which they obviously gave her. My sister was absolutely devastated by her health issues and scared, and because they’re great people, my parents were willing to do anything to make her feel better. 

I know I sound like a selfish, vapid bitch for prioritizing my wedding over her fertility, but she was 36 when she got the diagnosis. There was no telling how long it would take for her health to recover, and it would be years before they could even afford supporting another infant, let alone the tens of thousands a surrogate would cost. I knew she would never have the means to use those eggs before she was 40, and she has made it very clear that she wouldn’t want to have an infant at that age. In my opinion, she acted in panic and wanted a safety net that she knew she would never use. I don’t blame her for being scared. I would have been terrified to. 

But I’m still upset that now I won’t be able to have much of a wedding because I had been counting on the funds my parents had promised. I’m not so much upset that they gave it to her, but I am upset that they gave it to her *knowing* nothing would ever come of it. That they traded my wedding day for her brief peace of mind. My sister has confirmed already that she and her husband will not be having another child. 

When my parents told me there was no money, they were obviously stricken and apologetic. I couldn’t hide my disappointment. I really tried to reassure them that I understood, but they could tell I was hurt. My sister called later and told me that it sucks I can’t have a ‘fancy wedding’ (like hers) but basically I need to grow up. Which seemed hypocritical, since she made such a big deal out of her wedding needing to be extravagant. She said she’s sorry, but at the time her future children were more important than one day in my life not being as nice as I’d hoped. 

I know this isn’t the end of the world. This is dumb and petty in the grand scheme of things and I feel ridiculously shallow for being so upset over losing my dream wedding. I’m still getting married. My wedding won’t compare to my sister’s, but I’m still marrying the love of my life and it will still be an awesome day. 

Thanks for sticking with me through the story. I know plenty of you are rolling your eyes over the dramatic bullshit that comes with weddings. So, am I overreacting? AITA?

This whole argument is really weird to me. Basically, I'm on my period and my boyfriend said offhand he was glad he didn't have to deal with that and said something along the lines of, "I bet you wish you had a dick." To which I responded, "no, not really." 

He seemed kind of taken aback by that and pressed the issue of exactly why I did not want to have a dick and I basically told him male genitals seemed really uncomfortable and awkward to possess, like I don't want some meat and a nut sack just chillin in my britches. Hard pass. He got weirdly offended by this and said I was being sexist??? I told him that I observe him scratching his nuts or rearranging his junk multiple times a day and that it would make me crazy if I had to constantly attend to my genitals like that. He got so mad about this to the point he stormed off to let me "think about" why what I said was so upsetting. 

I don't get it though? Not 5 minutes earlier he was trashing vaginas and periods, but that's okay, for reasons? Y'all help me out lmao

EDIT: It's funny y'all keep mentioning Freud. My boyfriend is studying psychology and actually obsessed with Jung. Like y'all know that post about that guy who was obsessed with Jordan Peterson to the point his girlfriend left him? He's that level obsessed with Jung. 🧐i’m a 19 year old student, i don’t have a lot of debt, but i can’t be throwing my money around like i’m rich. i have a cousin (26) her wedding is on sunday, we’re not really close, but we do have an okay relationship.

she made an announcement this week saying that she’ll be charging 50 dollars for every guest who’s coming. she said that they can venmo her the money so there won’t be no problems and everyone who paid will be added onto the “exclusive guest list” which basically means you won’t have to wait in line while other guests pay.

once i read this, i was shocked. i responded asking why and she said she wanted to get the money she spent on her special day back. i told her i wouldn’t be able to come because this was outrageous and that i wish her well on her special day. she contacted my aunt and my aunt called me cheap and rude. my parents offered to pay for my entry, but i refused.

now everyone thinks i’m being ridiculous and cheap, AITA?I’m a gen 1.5 Indian migrant to the UK (was born in India but moved when I was 6 with parents) so while I grew up British and consider myself to be British, I still have family in India and my Indian heritage is an important part of my identity. My wife is 4th gen Indian - her family immigrated decades ago so she, and her parents grew up fully anglicised. I’d like to stress there’s nothing wrong with that - why should she have ties to a country her grandparents were born in?

Due to the difference in culture we are having two weddings - one in England for all her family and our friends, and one in India for the rest of my family and friends there. We had the first wedding, which was very traditional and western  - church, reception etc. It was great, and we had fun. Now the wedding in India - it’s important as my grandparents are too old to fly to the UK so I’d love for them to see me get married. 

The problem comes with the menu - in a Hindu wedding, and especially in the south, you don’t serve meat. You just don’t. In fact, what’s served at a wedding is something called a [sadya](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sadhya). It’s fully vegetarian, and served on a banana leaf - super traditional. My wife says we should allow meat, despite the cultural taboo - saying her side of the family ‘won’t be able to cope’ without meat. I’m of the opinion that they’re all adults, and they can live with the inconvenience - hell, if it’s that bad run to a KFC after the ceremony and gorge yourself - but at the wedding itself, no meat. It’s also not like there won’t be any meat - there’ll be non veg food at the Sangeet, there’ll be meat at the reception. 

Also during the English wedding I sided with her over my parents over the serving of beef - my parents, being Hindus don’t partake, but I told them they should just eat something else, not ask that beef not be served entirely. 

So, WIBTA for not wanting meat at the wedding?I was on a call with my sister, who was giving me some usual gossip about people we know from back home, when she tells me about a family friend Dina who has just recently become sexually active with her boyfriend. I asked my sister how she knew Dina was sexually active, and she told me she heard it from my mom. 

I know that Dina is super private and comes from a really conservative household, and wouldn't dare tell her parents about her being sexually active. I asked my sister how my mom knew, and apparently my mom's best friend, let's call her Miss Annie (not Dina's mother) is very good friends with Dina's PCP, who told her the gossip. I work in healthcare, and I feel like this HAS to be a HIPAA violation, so I told my sister I might have to report Dina's PCP. 

WIBTA if I report her? My sister told me I shouldn't because "you'll be ruining that doctor's life and her family over 'just a bit of gossip'" (she has two small children and is in the process of moving her husband over to the US from abroad) and that I should just "mind my own business." My best friend (who also knows Dina well) said that I don't have any proof to report her over just "hearsay" and "gossip." However this situation isn't sitting right with me.

EDIT: Hey guys! So after heavy consideration, I scheduled a three way call between my sister, Dina and I to talk about this. I'll keep you all updated! Thanks for all your input everyone :)

EDIT 2: Hi guys! Sorry for the lack of update (mods turned me down) Just wanted to update you all - turns out that Dina did tell her doctor about it.... in confidence at a family friend's party where Miss Annie happened to be eavesdropping on. Long story short, Dina's mom had an angry conversation with Miss Annie and told her essentially to "get a life" and to "stop gossiping about other people's children." I'm happy I told Dina first and didn't report that doctor. Thanks guys!I know relationship posts aren't allowed here so I want to keep this focused to the incident at hand. So please don't give any relationship advice.

Okay, so I am a big fan of Seinfeld as I used to watch it every day after school with my dad. I had a poster that was signed by the actors who played the four main characters Jerry, Kramer, Costanza, and Elaine. This poster has always been really important to me because watching seinfield with my dad is one of the few times I got to spend time with him (he had a lot of personal issues) and he personally went and got it signed to give me for my 21st birthday. So yeah, it's not just a dumb poster to me, it has a lot of sentimental value.

Now my wife and I have been trying to raise money to start a college fund for our kids. As you do, we've been selling stuff we don't need anymore, and I guess you can see where this is going. I hadn't been in my study a few weeks as I've been on an extended business trip, and when I come home to my study my poster is gone. I ask my wife where it is and she said she sold it on eBay.

Here's where it gets iffy. She claims she assumed it would be okay to sell since it's just a poster, DESPITE it being so sentimental to me. The reason I am suspect is because she was very unhappy with me going on this business trip. She tried to forbid me going because she couldn't come with me (to make sure I behave myself). However I couldn't say no, I literally had to go or I'd severely hurt my reputation at work. So when I leave we're fighting, when I come back my most prized possession is gone in a "mistake." See where I'm coming from?

I told my wife I was going to stay in a motel for 1-2 weeks, and that if she wants to save this marriage my poster better be back in my study when I get back. She's supposedly been an emotional wreck ever since (according to her sister).

AITA? My friends think I am having a hissy fit and need to grow upI’m 29 years old, broke, homeless, don’t have a job, and I struggle with addiction. My family has a history of ill mental health and I got hit with the bipolar stick too and I’ve been officially diagnosed with clinical depression and bipolar disorder. 

Basically I’m about as child free as you can get because I don’t want to pass down a lifetime of shitty genetics and even shittier living habits to an innocent kid. 

My FWB knew this because we’ve had many discussions on how we’d both be unfit parents and as such I always make sure to wear protection. She uses the pill but hey, here we are, she’s pregnant and she’s insisting it’s mine. 

I told her that there’s no way I’m about to be a dad. I simply can’t do it. I’ll find the money to pay whatever I got to pay her but I’m not about to play daddy when I never wanted this. She in turn has reached out to our friend group and one by one they’ve turned on me and told me I’m worthless for not wanting to step up to be a father.



#Hi yall, I’m not the OP. I’m the friend that let him type his situation up on my phone. He handed me the phone back yesterday because he was getting even more down reading the comments. I’ve been getting notifications on my phone all day about it. Some of the comments he was getting was asking him to kill himself, that he hopes his next heroin hit will finish him off etc. There were a few awesome comments that I tried to show him but he just asked me to delete the post. I’m not gonna do that, but I’m disappointed that people on Reddit are so cruel. The link I’ve left is one of the ‘nicer’ comments.

https://ibb.co/VgrD1JDMe and my wife recently found out that her daughter (my step-daughter, though I consider her close enough to my own after having raised her for 18 years) has taken out about $60,000 in loan debt under our name, without our permission. For some basic context, she took out a Parent Plus Loan for school, under our name and social security number, without asking us. In her first semester of her Freshman Year, she did come to us, asking if we would fill out the paperwork for her, since her school's loans were only for about $5000 for the whole year. We explained that we didn't have the financial means to take out a loan for the amount she was requesting; about $14,000 a year, but offered to help her find scholarships or work-study, and other ways to potentially help her cover her costs. After me and her applied for about 5-10 scholarships, and she got a part-time job, she never came back to me and my wife with any financial aid concerns again, so we figured that she had largely figured it up. We brought up tuition a couple times, but every time we'd ask, she'd just say that she was able to cover it all, and didn't need any help with it or anything.

Come us, a couple years down the road. We've gotten a letter from the Department of Education saying that 'our' loan has gone into default, and has been so for about a year at this point. We reach out to her school and, after a little bit of digging, we discover that after we had told her "no" on the loan, she had gone around our back and applied for it all online. She filled in her own contact information instead of our own, and the loan went through just fine, since she had the correct Social Security Numbers and all. We've spoken with the school and the DoE a fair amount about this already, and we basically have 2 options for this. We can either eat the loan, and pay it all back ourselves (something not at all financially feasible for my family, since we have about $40k in Medical Debt on top of this now), or to go through the state to press charges on each one of the 5 loans she's taken out; each loan being over $10,000, making this a Felony in my state with a minimum prison sentence. At this point, I'm not certain what my family \*can\* do. We don't have the money to be able to pay this loan back, but me and my wife are emotionally wrecked at even the thought of pressing charges against our own daughter. So, here's the important question, reddit: if I press charges here, AITA?

Edit: Since there's a little bit of confusion, a bit of clarification. A Plus Loan is a loan that we would take out in our own name, to give her extra funds for education. Because we would ordinarily be the ones taking it out, she's not involved with the Repayment Process at all; she's not even technically eligible to make payments towards it, since it's under our own name.  


Edit 2: I promised myself I would never do anything stupid like this if I ever had a post blow up, but now I truly understand what RIP Inbox means. I really truly would like to thank everyone here for their support; I know reddit is one of the few places I can make a post and expect to get a reply.  


In reality, even though I've gotten a huge outpouring of support saying I WNBTA (is that a thing? idk) if me and my wife go through with this, I'm still 100% split about how I actually want to go. You guys have given me a lot to chew on, and I'd really like to thank you all.Two days ago, my 16 year old son came to my wife and I freaked out. He said he’s scared for his life and he doesn’t know what he’s going to do. We had to calm him down and to make a long story short, he thinks he got his girlfriend pregnant. He said she missed her period weeks ago and he doesn’t know what he’s going to do because he’s not ready to be a father. His girlfriend is vehemently pro-life, so there’s not anything he can do.

I asked him how could this happen; why wasn’t she taking her reproductive health seriously and be on birth control, and ESPECIALLY, why isn’t he especially not taking him reproductive seriously by using condoms. He said that his girlfriend’s parents are strict, so she has no way to access them, and to condoms, he said and I quote “Condoms feel like having sex with a thick garbage bag.” Apparently, they relied on the calendar method and pulling out because “together, it’s almost impossible to get pregnant.”

I was **infuriated**. I’ve talked to him ALL the time about safe sex. We’re no prudes; we knew that once he got a girlfriend, he’d start having sex. Which is why we emphasized being *safe*. We’ve just have had this conversation so many times; I was just so. Angry. That my son would do this to his life, and potentially wreck his entire life. 

I told him that this was his fuck-up, and he has to take responsibility. Effective immediately, he is going to have to get a job and work 40 hours a week and start building a savings. Additionally, he has shown that we cannot trust him to make responsible decisions, and he’s effectively grounded until the end of the year. He can spend time with his friends at our house only, with all the doors open, and he cannot go upstairs with any girl at all. He can also only do this only when we’re home (we live in a gated community so this is easily enforceable). That means no sleepovers, no parties, no going to the pool (unless we go with him), no nothing. If he wants to go somewhere like out to eat with his friends, we’ll use find my iPhone to track him. He said he understood.

He came to us today with great news; his girlfriend got her period. He asked now that she’s not really pregnant, can the punishment be less strict, and that he promises to start using condoms now, but my wife and I want to stick to our guns on this. Though with the added stipulation that he can work 20 hours a week instead, and it can be a mixture of volunteer and actual work. But he’s shown us he’s downright irresponsible and we just plainly cannot trust him until he matures. 

My son maintains that we’re being WAY to harsh, and that he realizes his mistake now, but he’s also said in the past that he’d never have sex without a condom because “he’s not an idiot.” We just plainly cannot trust him right now. Are we being unreasonable?

EDIT: The work thing would've just been for the summer. Sorry for the confusion; we agree that there's no way on Earth he could manage that many hours during the school year.I have insufferable in laws. Father in law is manageable, but mother in law is crazy.

My wife is Chinese and her parents are really traditional. Privacy means nothing to them, and my wife refuses to set boundaries. They will come around every day unannounced to visit my wife/play with our kids. So not only do I never get a break from my mother in laws constant nagging, I have no privacy from them.

Wife has ignored my concerns for years. To be fair, she’s in a tough spot as standing up to Chinese parents is a pain I guess.

Anyway, mother in law is arachnophobic. A few months ago she went crazy after a (wolf?) spider was simply in the corner doing nothing. Panic attack and all.

So I got the idea to get a tarantula as a way to prevent her coming so often. It’s in a big enclosure in the living room. Asked wife before hand if it’s okay, but didn’t tell her the motivation. Worked like a charm, the dad still comes but the mother can’t stand to be in the same house as it.

I’m mainly asking if AITA as I wasn’t upfront with my wife. But she’s continued to ignore my concerns about boundaries for years, I don’t think I had a choice. Plus the tarantula makes a cool pet.My son is 21 years old and got a girl from work pregnant. Needless to say, I am incredibly disappointed in him and when he told me I was devastated he’d make such a silly mistake. I asked him about an abortion and he broke down and told me he’d worn a condom and he was hoping she’d abort but to no avail. 

I have met the future mother of my grandchild in a very awkward meeting one day and it’s clear to me she’s a lovely young lady. However I found out from her (not even my coward son) that he has broken all ties with her and plans only to give child support and not see this baby at all. 

I have been texting her and trying to assuage her worries but she is also understandably worried that she won’t have any support and that her baby- my first grandchild- won’t have its father. Obviously I am very much wanting to be in this child’s life also.

Of course I have been trying to speak to my son over and over about this issue and I keep telling him that the deed is done and he needs to just deal with it now. He told me in tears that he never wanted to be a father and he wore protection, as well as the fact they were casual lovers and nothing more. I told him I would withdraw all financial assistance if he wasn’t in this babies life and he told me if that was the case then so be it, so I took his car and phone and bank cards that were attached to my account. 

In response to this, he’s moved in with his father but I have no idea where he lives and he’s not even attempted once to contact me. He told me he was leaving and that I wasn’t supporting him. My own parents are vehemently against him leaving and have said they’ll disown him if he doesn’t come back. 

My partner of 12 years however is very much on my sons side and has told me that he’s disappointed in how I’m handling this. 

AITA?Daughter is 16. Her mom and I are divorced.Daughter has been caught smoking pot several times from the age of 14. Her mom and I have collectively punished her several times for this. The last time we caught her, I started drug testing her. Her mom doesn’t agree with it, but we have caught her so many times now that I think this is the best way to prevent her from doing it.

I don‘t normally go through her room, but the router for the house is in there, and I needed to reset it. When I go into her room, I found a mushroom cap on black paper hidden underneath her desk. I look up what the hell it is and it is a spore print for magic mushrooms. I go through her room further to find an entire damn aqarium filled with mushrooms in the back of her closet. obviously I am enraged, so I wait for her to get back from school, and I called the police. She was arrested, booked and released into her mother’s custody.

Her mother is pissed, and saying that I may have ruined the kids life for no reason, but we have tried to correct her drug abuse several times to no avail, and it has escalated. She now has a court date and can answer to the law since she doesn’t take the rules in my house seriously. I doubt she’ll get more than probation anyway.

My parents are also pissed though, saying that this could have been handled inside the home, and that’s why I’m here. I’m wondering if I over reacted and would like a more impartial judgment.

&#x200B;

I am making and edit to respond to a few things.

This was a small ten gallon tank. I guess people are picturing something larger. There were a lot of mushrooms in there though. My daughter has a small walk in closet that is, honestly, so messy that I don’t bother to look in there too much. Because she has been passing her drug tests, I have been cutting her slack. I honestly would not have called the police if I thought that she was going to get a jail sentence at all.Background: Our 4yo daughter has febrile seizures, which cause her body temp to spike during fevers, resulting in a short seizure. My wife has an anxiety disorder and becomes easily overwhelmed under stress. 

After her first seizing episode, we went to a neurologist who diagnosed the febrile seizures. His directions for responding to a seizure were to strip our daughter down, put a cool cloth on her body, and wait for her temperature to drop. Then pump her full of Motrin to manage the fever. He said, while scary, the seizures were harmless and she would grow out of them. No long-term effects, no worry of anything beyond 5 minutes of shaking while her body cooled itself down. 

Since then, we’ve experienced about 6 seizures, 4 of which I was home for. I followed the neurologist’s directions and we got through the seizures like a breeze. In a matter of minutes, she was up and wanting to play again. My wife’s initial reaction, however, was to cuddle our daughter in the bed, which actually increased her body temp. In each case, I had to argue with my wife to let go of our daughter so I could cool her down. The cuddling was a result of my wife’s anxiety and her need to soothe herself by nurturing our sick daughter. I get that, but it was the opposite of what we needed to do in that moment. 

On the 2 occasions I wasn’t home for the seizures, my wife called 911 and an ambulance came. Both times, I rushed home to inform the 1st responders about her condition and instructed them on how to cool her down. Both times they recommended taking her to the ER, and both times we ended up paying $1000 for a 4-hour ER visit where they gave her nothing more than a dose of children’s Motrin. 

AITA for telling my wife that we need to follow our neurologist’s directions instead of calling 911 and racking up unnecessary medical bills? I showed her the most recent bill and she accused me of caring more about money than her mental health or our daughter’s health. I don’t think that’s the case at all. In her words, it’s worth $1000 for her (my wife) to be surrounded by medical professionals, and if I don’t agree, then I’m the bad guy. In my view, my wife needs to work with her therapist so she can better handle stress, and can follow our doctor’s directions when our daughter has a seizure while I’m not home.
I am a woman in my late 20s and I've very recently started to realize I've got a binge drinking problem...

I've very recently started going to a therapist, and she is also referring me to a recovery program that I'll be starting soon. But as of now, I'm really early on in this whole process and I've only told my husband, who had been the only person to really notice I had a problem.

Last week was my sister's wedding. We aren't too close, she's almost ten years older than me. I wasn't in the bridal party, she had a small party of her friends. I wasn't upset or insulted by that.

At the wedding, there was an open bar, champagne at every table, and pretty much everyone was drinking. 

I got myself a glass of water and I felt like I stood out a little for not drinking. A couple people offered me drinks, my brother, my uncle and aunt, even family of the groom who were mingling with us. I'd always decline politely, "no thanks" "I'm good for now" Nobody asked any questions for a while. 

Until it was time for speeches and toasts. 

My aunt was pouring out champagne for everyone and I was like "no thanks" and she asked "Oh why not?"

I didn't want to say much so I was just like "oh just for personal reasons, I'm not drinking right now" and she was like "Are you..." And wiggled her eyebrows in a way that seemed to mean something.

I had no fucking idea what she was getting at. The anxious part of my brain was filling that empty space with questions like "Are you an alcoholic?" "Are you afraid you're gonna binge drink if you start drinking?" Etc...

I know how dumb it sounds that I didn't realize, all I can say is that none of my friends or close family have kids, I don't think much about what signals a pregnancy. But I've had a couple people in my life get sober because of drinking problems. So that's the connection that I saw as obvious.

I just froze up and shrugged awkwardly.

I didn't think any more about it until later. My husband came to me and said that people were congratulating him on the baby. I was like "what the fuck, what baby?" And he was like "yeah I asked the same thing, apparently your aunt is going around saying we're expecting. I was baffled.

It was only later that i understood. My sister came to me furious at stealing the spotlight from her on her wedding day, being jealous I'm not in the wedding party, making drama by making people think I was pregnant when I'm not, being all coy about not drinking when "everyone knows what that means" 

I told her that I wasn't drinking because I've had a drinking problem for a while, and needed to stop. And she just didn't believe me. She said that the timing was too convenient, that she's never seen a problem before, and that I was obviously bitter that I'm not the center of attention for once.

I didn't know what else to say or how to make her understand.

AITA for making people assume i was pregnant?Throwaway.

I got married two weekends ago. I asked my three best friends Anna, Kelly and Laura to be my bridesmaids 2 years before the wedding and found them very helpful when planning.

For the morning of my wedding I hired a fancy penthouse apartment for myself and the bridesmaids to get ready. We had champagne and as we were pouring it out, Laura said none for her. Now Laura is the biggest party animal of us all so naturally we questioned why she wasn’t drinking. Laura then told us she was pregnant. 

Of course I was happy for her but obviously the focus was then on Laura and her pregnancy and not us getting ready for my wedding, something I had been planning for 2 years. 

Anyway. We all got ready and headed to the venue. The photographer kept us outside the venue for a short while so he could do posed photos with myself and the bridesmaids. I was holding my bouquet, Anna and Kelly were holding theirs but Laura placed hers on the floor and was standing with her hands cradling her stomach as if to emphasise her bump (which wasn’t noticeable as she’s barely 12 weeks). The photographer asked her to pick her flowers up so all of us were holding our bouquets and Laura refused and said “oh it’s ok I’d prefer to stand like this” and carried on cradling her stomach. So now those photos just look weird.

The rest of the day went smoothly until it came to the speeches. As Laura was my oldest friend naturally I asked her to say a few words. She stood up and said some nice words, then ended her speech with “and I’m so excited to announce that as Bride’s best friend, I’d like her to be an honorary aunt to my baby who is due summer 2020!”. With her being an old family friend of course my family were over the moon and again the attention was on her and her pregnancy and not me and my husband. 

I felt so upset on my wedding day and haven’t really spoke to Laura much since. She has since sent me a text saying I’m acting like a spoiled brat and the world doesn’t revolve around me. 


AITA for being upset and distancing myself?Last week one of my coworkers started to feel unwell and another coworker took her to the ER. She was having an allergic reaction. She has an allergy towards peanuts and thinking back on it I probably caused the reaction since we both had had to use the same computer to check order and I had peanut butter on my waffles that morning. I definitely don't think I washed my hands after either. Once somebody got the call she was ok they asked us all in a group who had had peanut butter that day and I stayed completely silent.

Well, yesterday she came back into work. She was fine and everything, but apparently the trip to the ER still cost her $300 after insurance plus the money she lost not going to work for a two days. Our coworkers all sympathized and a few started saying whoever had the peanut butter should have to pay. Since I wasn't part of that conversation. I just heard them from across the room, I just focused on my work an tried to avoid the subject for the rest of the day.

Edit. A ton of people have brought this up so just so you guys know I will bring up worker’s compensation and she did have an epipen.Title basically sums it up I guess.

Daughter has decided she wants to be a vegetarian. I love meat and it’s very rare for me to go without some kind of meat at dinner. 

My daughter naturally expects me to accommodate and cook vegetarian options for dinner too. I told her that if she wants to be vegetarian she can make her own dinner.

Wife told me I should cook veggie dinners for her, but shut up quickly after I asked if she wanted to start cooking dinner instead.

Naturally I am now the asshole in all of this.

AITA?

Edit: daughter is 17Hey guys, short time lurker first time poster, I'm not one to really do this but I'm genuinely wondering if I'm in the wrong.


So my son had a friend over for dinner the other night. For context, they're both 13, and the friends parents are vegan.


I don't know anything about vegan food and don't have many vegetables I normally cook - pretty much all I ever make for vegetable sides is buttered corn, brocolli and cheese, brown sugar carrots, or mixed veggies.


Well, normally his friend isn't over for dinner, but this night his parents weren't able to pick him up until late so asked if he could eat dinner with us. We said of course, and they reminded us that they are vegan so he'd need a vegan friendly dish. We told them we don't really have anything we could make vegan, but we could find some small things to give him until they picked him up and they said to just make whatever we were going to make ourselves and leave out the animal products.


Well, that night was meatloaf night. With homemade mashed potatoes (lots of butter) and buttered corn. I offered to make him some roasted carrots and potato wedges, but he said he'd actually like to eat what we were eating and that it looked good, and that he usually eats meat at school anyways. So, we just made him the same plate as ours. 


Well when his parents asked him what he had for dinner and he told them, they were PISSED. They said we're a bad influence and turning him against veganism?? Even though it was HIS choice to eat our dinner rather than me making him some small sides. Apparently now he's also no longer allowed to hang out with our son. Our son is heartbroken, me and my husband are pretty upset that they're trying to end our kids friendship over this, and our friends are kind of split. Some people say that their son is old enough to make his own decision on if he's vegan or not, some think I should of done as the parents asked and made him something vegan. I also think that at his age, it's his choice to eat animal products or not, and if he asks me for some I'm not going to say no. So what's reddit's judgement, who's in the wrong here?So this just happened and my husband thinks I was the ass in the situation so I'm just curious what others might think. 

So my toddler is in the throws of her terrible twos and has her back molars coming in, which makes any time she is awake an absolute misery. Naptime and bedtime are currently my favorite times of day. I'd finally gotten her down after MUCH struggle. About 30 minutes into her nap theres a knock at the door. Now, while a knock might not awaken the toddler, my idiot dogs will. They get excited because they think every knock at the door is their favorite person (the UPS lady who always has treats and pats) and started barking.

I opened the door slightly so the dummies couldn't run out only to see two young mormon missionaries. I should note, they stop by here like every other month because my husband is WAY to nice and will engage them every time. I'm not as nice, admittedly, and will usually let him just deal with them. But he works 3rd shift so sleeps during the day, so I couldn't get him to deal with them. As soon as I spotted them I told them "Sorry. I've got a napping toddler, I don't have time for this." 

The guy steps closer to me, puts his hand on my door as if to hold it open and starts saying "ma'am we just need a moment of your time" (which we all know is b.s., it is never 'just a moment')

I. Got. Pissed. I yanked the door slightly to dislodge his hand off of my door and then told him "yeah, you need to F*CK RIGHT OFF" before I slammed the door.

Husband came out and, while he gets I didnt want to wake up the baby, he tried to tell me I should've "handled it better and not been such an asshole"

I pretty much told him the same thing I told the mormon kid. Luckily, angry child is back asleep and dogs have calmed down. So AITA??

Edited to add: husband just came back out to check that the kiddo fell back asleep and get some water. I told him the whole story. His response? "Oh...well that makes them the dicks!". He apologized, kissed me on the head, and went back to bed.


Edit: I wanted to add, cause I'm getting tired fingers from saying the same thing over and over; we've tried signs in the past. My hubs has worked 3rd shift for almost a decade so we've tried variations upon variations of ways to keep people from waking him up. Everyone but the religious door knockers respect the sign. We've been told "God's mission trumps any silly sign" as an excuse for ignoring it. We've heard this more than once, so i think it is something they are taught to say to bypass the no solicitation signs.I'm 24 and go to school FT and work PT. I do pay my mother $300 in rent/utilities. This is new.

She does not pay for any of my bills. I pay for my own tuition, books, food, gas, car insurance, etc. This is not new.

My younger brother also lives with us (19) and just works BUT does not pay any rent. In fact my mother gives him money. It's like any money I give my mother goes directly to my other siblings and it's a point of contention. To make matters worse, she not only lies about my brother paying rent and not giving him money.

My mother discreetly dropped me off her work insurance plan. I only found out when I called her job up to get a new health insurance card and they told me that I was no longer on the plan anymore. That actually hurt that she did that. She is under financial stress right now because she is also supporting my loser sister, her baby daddy and they just had a kid.

In the past, I would give her T-1098 which is the tax form for college. It was of no value to me because I was listed as a dependent (which was required to get health insurance under her job). Basically she would say that she paid for all of my tuition and books so she could get a bigger refund and more credits on her tax return even though I was the one who personally paid for all of my college expenses.

She asked me for my T-1098 from 2019 and I refused to give it to her. Since she kicked me off her insurance because she couldn't afford it (and didn't bother telling she did that), I am now deemed an independent and I am filing my taxes as such. She blew up at me saying that things are financially tight and tried modifying our rental agreement to where she would claim my college expenses as her own. I won't budge. I would actually get a big enough refund to cover next semester's tuition.

&#x200B;

EDIT: My mother's employer pays 100% of her insurance and like 50% for dependents. She had the high-end plan. It's not "free." I ended up getting insurance through my part-time job, which costs me $100 a month.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I told my mother that I would be happy to give her my tax papers and whatever extra she gets can be used for rent. She refused. She wants rent and my tax papers.This is literally the hot topic of the day for my entire family and I’m fed up of being called an asshole so I’m going to ask on here. 

We are on a family vacation at the moment and we had gone to a park where there were a lot of young families like my own. My 4 year old son has a new bike that he loves to ride around on and there was another family close by us that had also settled for a picnic like we had on the grass. They were pretty close by. 

My son is obsessed with his bike and loves it. He had been playing on it for a while, and the other family had a little girl his age that kept looking over. 

When we sat down to eat my son sat with me, the little girl came over and shyly asked my mom if she could play with the bike. My mom always says yes to everything, and she has this really blasé attitude towards belongings and she’s lost some of my sons stuff before that way because she just isn’t attached to material things.

I interrupted before my mom could speak and really gently told the little girl ‘why don’t you ask (my son) since it’s his bike?’ She did and my son said no. She looked a little crestfallen but went back to her family and she didn’t seem bothered afterwards. 

My entire family looked at my like I was an evil witch and even my own husbands facial expression was surprised at me. 

I got a little defensive and told them that it was our sons toy to lend out as he pleased, and I was a little irritated to hear my mom say to my son ‘honey, sometimes it’s nice to share’ because he looked upset afterwards. l know that, he knows that, but it’s his new toy and he shouldn’t be made to feel bad over not wanting to share with a total stranger. 

AITA?Our son (3m) had a rough couple of days, crying a lot, not sleeping, wanting to be carried all the time. So it was saturday and I had an equally rough week with short nights, almost no sleep and long days.
EDIT: thanks to various comments I came to see his side too and we had a talk when he came home. I told him my side and told him how I see his side now more clearly. We agreed to talk more and coordinate better and, most importantly he agreed to give me my showertime ;) 


We were invited to a party, I had agreed to bring a cake to (yes, stupid me). We had to leave at 4.15pm.
After breakfast my husband went outside to cut down a tree. Don't get me wrong, it had to be cut down, but on that day?

So this took him a lot of time. I came outside a few times, carrying our crying baby, asked him to please consider the time and that I had to do things too (including making a cake and taking a shower). Well, he didn't, so I had to make a cake with a crying baby.

My husband finally came in at 3.15pm and took a shower. At about 3.40pm, he finally took our son, so I had my very first time alone that day, which I had to use, to rush with showering and getting ready for the party. Still it was the most relaxing time I had all week... until, after 10 minutes, my husband came into the bathroom with the crying baby, told me, he couldn't shut the baby up, so it was probably hungry (which he wasn't, but he still stops crying when being fed, obviously) and I should hurry. 
As I was still in the shower, he chose to wait in the bathroom with the crying baby.

As this was my only alone time in the day and I had counted on it to survive the rest of the day, I got really angry and told him, to at least leave me alone 'till I was ready.

He refused, got angry himself and told me, I really had to understand him, cause he had it so much harder than me, cause he cannot breastfeed to shut our son up.

After the day/week I had, I was speechless and got really angry.

AITA for refusing to understand? Do I have to understand, that he cannot carry a crying baby (which is or is not hungry) for even 20 minutes, when I had to the entire day (and I seriously cannot breastfeed him all the time)...?I love birds, and I'm the proud owner of 2 budgies. I've had them for about a year and a half. When I first got them, my friend fell in love decided she wanted one of her own.

She then proceeded to spend the least amount of money she could on a cage and decorated it with minimal accessories. She got the bird, and while she seemed to like it at first, she basically ignored it after a month. 

Every time I went over to her house, I told her that it needed more attention. It just sat in the corner all day, silent, occasionally gnawing at the only toy in the cage, which was shredded and worn within the first couple of months. Its food and water were probably only changed once a week. It was living above a mountain of poop because she never changed the tray.

I told her repeatedly that she was neglecting her bird. And despite promising to do better, she never did. 

I asked her if I could have it. She got really upset with me, saying that she had paid for it so she had the right to do what she wanted with it. 

I felt really horrible every time I went over there. I decided I wanted to steal it. I felt like I could give it a better life. It could even make friends with my 2 birds. I just couldn't let it live the rest of its life unhappy in the corner of a cage, doing nothing. 

So I did it. She was in the bathroom, and I took a shoe box I had hidden in my backpack and got the bird in. It was scared at first, but it calmed down in the box. I left without even saying goodbye. 

Soon after I got a phone call which basically consisted of her yelling at me for a long while. I said that I'd give back her bird if she bought it a bigger cage, more toys, and promised to take better care of it. She once again used the argument of, "Its my bird, I can do what I want with it."

I took it home, where it livened up in the presence of my 2 other birds. It began chirping for the first time I had ever heard. It seemed very happy. 

This was all 3 days ago. My friend is still extremely pissed at me for not giving her bird back and is saying I'm being an asshole. So Reddit, AITA?

UPDATE: Wow, I was not expecting this to get so huge. 

I honestly went into this thinking I was going to keep the bird for probably 1 day or something before she profusely apologized and vowed to change her ways. She didn't. Like I said, I would have given it back if she had. 

I guess I just figured that she needed something drastic to snap her into the reality that she was neglecting her bird. Which now, after reading the comments, I understand was a pretty immature way of handling things. 

Today I offered her $50 as reimbursement, which was double what she bought the bird for. She took it and is letting me keep the bird. But she still hates me. Honestly, at this point, I couldn't care less. The bird is safe. That's all that matters.

I think I could've handled it better, but I don't regret my choices. Thanks for the advice, support, and reality checks, everyone.I have a friend, Bobby (not his real name), who struggles with his eyesight. He’s quite quiet and solemn most of the time, but he’s a solid guy and he’s good to spend time with. We met at college a couple of years ago and have taken tons of classes together. First year we lived together, and have stayed friends since I moved out. After the first couple of weeks of knowing him, it emerged that he was registered blind. He’s not completely without his sight so it’s not like we didn’t notice this guy with a cane and a dog, it’s just that he needs mega sized text to read, and he’s not allowed to drive or get his license. He’s completely independent though, and has a free public transport card to get the bus and train since he can’t drive. He’s always been a bit of a home bird as well, so every weekend he’d travel  about 2 hours back up home, and 2 hours back, so that he could visit his mum and dad.


Now my fiancé and I have been dating for over 4 years and have been engaged for 18 months. As is the way with weddings, we sent out save the dates and invites along the way, and Bobby received both. Because I’m not a very organised human, the wedding invites went out a little later than they traditionally might, but since everyone who was coming knew about the wedding in advance, and received a save the date, it was fine. We had a few people who missed the RSVP date by a couple of days but no harm no foul in my eyes. The RSVP date was set for exactly one month before the wedding. 


Background backgrounded. Now for the potential assholery.


Bobby also missed the RSVP date. He wasn’t the only one I had to chase up a week later, but he was the only one who read the message and then took two further days to reply with a yes. Today, less than two weeks before the wedding, he’s messaged saying he can only come to the wedding if he can have a plus one. The reason for his plus one is his eyesight. Because he doesn’t drive and he’s not local he needs someone, his mum, to be present to drive him there and back. I flat out told him no, he’s not inviting his mum as a plus one because we’ve already told the hotel the number for the meal, but she’s welcome at the rest of the day. 
The hotel in reality doesn’t need the numbers up till 48 hours before, but the table plans are set, there’s no easy space to slot her in, and I don’t want a friends mum that nobody knows enjoying the wedding meal and speeches, and us paying for the privilege. I now doubt whether he’ll come, because I don’t know if she’s happy coming all the way, to not even be fed.


Am I the asshole?




*Edit:* A few things to update here. I’ve been chatting to the friend more. Despite what you all think, I do actually care and the nuances of how much a person can see can’t be put across in a AITA post. The mother is welcome at the full day, except the meal. And by the tone of Bobbys message, it wasn’t Bobby asking for his mum to be there, but Bobbys overprotective mum asking that she attend. Ceremony and evening do is fine, and I told Bobby as much when he first messaged yesterday. I’ve since reached out and offered to pay for the mum at the second restaurant that’s on site.

Additionally, something of note is that my family are all not local. It’s either a flight or a ferry for them to get to the wedding, and to cater for both my family and other guests who can’t/won’t drive, we hired a bus for a city centre pick-up. The bus takes people down to the church, then back to the reception venue. It’s only getting home again that people need to manage themselves, but various people are staying in the same hotel that the reception is at. Travel arrangements have been a big part of the wedding, and Bobby has been invited to use them from the start.

To those saying he needs eyes for the evening. I’m not disagreeing with you to be flippant of his needs, or to be callous, even if I am still an asshole. I’m saying having known him for 2 years, he doesn’t need his mother there. There are plenty of college friends there, who he’s seated with, who can help him find his seat or point out the loos. It’s a group of friends and we’ve all been there to support him when necessary (which is genuinely rare, because as I said, he is *fully* independent, even in new environments).

I can live with being judged an asshole, but felt there was more information available that was affecting my decision, that wasn’t available to the jury.Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cn59tp/aita_i_flew_1k_miles_to_visit_a_girl_arrived_here/?st=jzismolp&sh=acd7fa42

I got home a few days ago and wanted to give everyone an update. The rest of the week was pretty much the three of us again, except for one other night where we were alone. So essentially in a week we only had two nights out together (I slept in her house so we spent nights alone anyway but I mean going out alone without third wheel).

I decided to do what a lot of you were suggesting and I confronted the other guy about wtf was going on. I guess something didn't feel right and my gut was telling me I should probably talk to him because I felt she was lying. So I went out on a "walk to the shops" and ended up at the guy's hotel and room.

Straight up asked him what's going on, it was incredibly awkward but we ended up having a good conversation about her and he basically was told the same as I was. Except she lied and said I purposely told her I couldn't afford a room and she "had to offer me her place". This isn't true, she offered me her place from the get-go and I never insinuated I wouldn't get a hotel room. She told him she liked him, was incredibly flirtatious with him too and they actually took it much farther than we did. They had a lot of phone sex, he had her nudes (he didn't show me out of respect for her), and they cammed a lot. A lot more than she did with me. I felt heartbroken, still do but I'm feeling better. On this trip alone they actually had sex when she was at his room, he confirmed it with a text she sent him when she left to go out with me. He does really like her, I'm not sure if she likes him back but she did sleep with him so maybe, She never did strike me as that type of person yet here we are, I told him he could have her.

So yeah. In essence, she lied a lot. She told me she really liked me, told him she doesn't like me at all. Was incredibly flirty with both of us and leading us both on. She told him she didn't want me at her house yet totally invited me to stay there. She told me she didn't like him, he's just a friend visiting, but then turns out she's had a sexual relationship with him for months and they even slept together while I was also there. It's shit.

Shit update and it's 100% what you lot expected and were telling me was gonna happen. Turns out I am really fucking stupid however I'm working on it and you can bet I won't make the same mistake again.

Thank you to everyone who commented and helped me decide what to doPlease bear with me while I try to gather my thoughts and explain just what’s going on. I (M40)was married to my wife (F38) for 18 years. We had what I thought was a perfect relationship, we barely fought, got along great, and she was my best friend. We had two sons together, J who is 14 and M who is 16. 

My wife passed extremely unexpectedly a month ago and it absolutely shattered our world. I feel so alone and have even started going to counseling to help with getting over her. 

Here is the hard part. Two nights ago I decided to go through my wife’s cell phone to read our text messages and look at some photos she had taken I never got sent. That’s when I found the messages after I decided to look through her browser history. 

Messages to men in their 60’s sending dirty photos she had sent me. Nights she told me she was visiting her sister, she was actually out with these men doing god knows what for money. I don’t want to get into to much detail with how filthy some of they were, but I cannot believe she could have done this to me. I suspected nothing. Ever. 

My sons are obviously still crushed and always talking up their mother and how sweet, amazing she is. How much they miss her love and honesty. I cannot see her as the woman I thought I knew and I am torn on what to do. On one hand, I don’t want to make this passing harder for them and hinder their thoughts about their mother but on another hand I feel they are old enough to know the truth. 

WIBTA if I exposed my late wife to my sons and told them what she was really doing to our family? Please help me.


EDIT: Wow. Thanks for all the feedback. I never knew that me losing a best friend, wife and mother of my children would end with me being berated. This post didn’t come from malicious intent to hurt my children, and I apologize if it came out that way. I asked because I truly don’t know. I feel that I would have wanted to know who my mother was fully but I can see why so many disagree. 
This is something that I will keep to myself for now- and if my children ever inquire further that’s something I will deal with along the way. 

To all the ones who were kind, thank you. And to those calling me a selfish piece of shit I hope you are never put in my position. Thank you.

LAST EDIT: It’s now been about 24 hours since my post- which I never thought would get front page- and I want to thank everyone who has reached out to me. I understand that ‘exposing’ was a very poor word choice and came across the wrong way. I’m still trying to message everyone back who has privately reached out. 
As I said earlier, this will be something I keep to myself and have a talk about truth with my sons down the road. I’m meeting with her family today to figure out what to do about her things and what else. I’m also looking into therapists for my sons today like many of you have mentioned.This actually happened about 5 months ago, but since my girlfriend (no longer engaged) refuses to let it go, and I honestly don’t think I’m in the wrong, I figured I’d ask for an outside opinion.

My girlfriend (then fiancée) were engaged to be married about 5 months ago. 

Now, my biological mother is a useless drug addict that I’ve never cared for nor wished to pursue a relationship with. She left me with my grandma and I was raised by her since birth. I have always and will always consider my grandma my real “mother”  because she raised me and cared for me all my life.

About a year ago, we (me and my uncles) had to put grandma in a care home. This was a hard decision to make, but we simply didn’t have the means to care for her properly anymore even with her carer’s help. She had a lot of age related health issues as well as dementia. 

Fast forward to my wedding, a few days beforehand we get a call from the care home saying grandma’s condition was deteriorating rapidly and she most likely would pass away in the next day or so. My uncles and I immediately went down there and spent the entire time by her side. 

She doesn’t pass as soon as expected and it extends up until the day of my wedding. I called my fiancée multiple times and explained we had to postpone the wedding. Not only was I not in the best state of mind (again, she’s my mother to me) but I needed to be by her side when she passed. I felt sick at the idea of not being there when I could.

My fiancée was extremely (to put it mildly) opposed to this and insisted I get ready as soon as possible. She obviously did not want months of planning to go to waste, and I understand that it definitely sucks. She also said there was no point in me being there since she won’t even know I’m there due to her dementia. I understand why it might seem like that to her, but to me it didn’t matter if she realised I was there or not. I just felt I had to be there with my uncles. 

She ended up passing the night of my wedding. My fiancée didn’t talk to me for roughly two weeks before we finally began patching things up. She said I was completely assholish to her and humiliated her by not showing up. She thinks that as my fiancée she should take top priority no matter what. My opinion is that weddings can be rescheduled (albeit costly) and being with my grandma when she passed was more important.

So yeah that’s the back story. We have both agreed to go with the majority judgement given here and move on from it. Will answer questions when possible but will refrain from defending myself in order to be fair to my GF.My 4 year old son Jon is the one of the twins I had. My other son was mishandled by a nurse and passed away shortly after birth, it was an unfortunate accident. 


Me and my husband left our unnamed son with the hospital and did not press charges against the nurse, much to our parents'(both his and mine) displeasure. Our reason was that we had no time nor energy to deal with them, our priority was to look after Jon, who was much smaller than his twin and needed more attention.


While growing up, despite never being mentioned, Jon seemed to know that he once had a brother. He told us his made-up stories that he had about brothers, he played roles about brothers with his toys, and he even asked us to give him an older brother.


Initially, me and my husband made a promise that we would never tell Jon about his unnamed brother, but now he wants to tell Jon about it when he is older. It must have been the guilt that we have never acknowledged our unnamed son's existence, even though they are both our sons. 


I am still still standing firm to our promise. I believe that we should not dwell on the past and move on. Jon is my son and my little bundle of joy, I would never want him to know the sorrow of losing his brother. I want to convince him that his brother is just a fragment of his imagination.


Now both my parents, my husband's parents and my husband is calling me cold blooded. They want so much to included a deceased brother into Jon's life. He is still little, so it wouldn't be now, but they intended to tell him one day and I cannot stop them. However, I will still try to convince them while there is  time, he needs no such negativity from the past.


AITA for thinking this way?


Edit: Firstly I am sorry, but for anonymity purposes I omitted and changed some parts of the contents, so not all of it is real. Secondly thank you for the comments, took me a while to read it all. 

I am at peace now, and I will make it up to Jon.Hey folks, this is a weird situation.

I (27M) was bullied really badly by this one girl (27F) for many years, right up until I left high school. I've since moved on and forgot about many of those things. 

So it came as a surprise when I saw her again when I went out shopping. I wasn't even in my hometown so it really was a coincidence. Well she recognized me and I tried to pretend I didn't notice her, but she called my name. 

So shit...I awkwardly say hi, and she asks me the usual chit chat. Well after a few minutes the ice has broken, and she gives me a full apology. She says how she is sorry and she regrets it etc. Then she says "so we're cool now? Do you forgive me?".

I just say "That's nice...but personally I don't forgive you".

That's when she loses it. She calls me a "fucking asshole" and says "You really couldn't just forgive me? I've been wanting to say this for years. Fucking asshole".

Huh...it amused me that she had the gall to be mad at me. So I just say to her "If you really think that negatively on me, you clearly don't care about me. You were just apologising to make yourself feel better", then I walked off.

I told my buddies and they said that I was an asshole and should have just forgiven her for the sake of it. But then I feel it I did this I wouldn't have been congruent. It would have lingered over me how I met my former bully and actress incongruent. AITA?My parents aren't good with technology and find it difficult to do basic stuff on their phones. They bought my younger brother (let's call him brandon) a phone recently and since they don't know anything about parental controls, my mom stays concerned about what he uses it for.

Tbh, he's just a lot into games and music and not a lot else. 

This morning, my mom and I were having breakfast when she asked if Brandon's gmail is logged into my dad's phone too. I said he might've used dad's phone to check his inbox or whatever, no biggie. Mom then said Brandon's been watching "dirty stuff" because she saw it in his youtube history. 

I rolled my eyes bc I know it's none of my business but I'd have to deal with it because it's a big deal for mom.

I checked if Brandon's gmail was logged into my dad's phone that she so confidently claimed, it wasn't. My dad just has the same profile picture for no apparent reason. 

I said nothing for a while but she said she'll have to speak to my brother about this. This was when I decided to intervene. I told her she saw dad's youtube history and not my brother's. She was noticeably embarrassed. Called me in her room after a while and said I shouldn't walk around in short clothes or be braless around the house bc my brother's "growing up"

Speaking from how well I know my mom, arguing would've been no good. But I argued anyway "Now that's NOT on me. I'll wear whatever I think is comfortable. I couldn't care less who's "growing up".

AITA?

Edit: She just called me in again to tell me that my dad sleeps at 11:30 and that video was viewed at 1:30. I had to tell her the "1:30" on the bottom left was the video's length and politely ask her to never bring this up again.

EDIT EDIT: Guys please stop calling my mom names :( She grew up in a traditional household so I sort of understand where she's coming from (she can be unreasonable sometimes) but she's a very loving, kind woman. I love her a lot and I'm gutted reading all these comments calling her disgusting. :(I own a liquor store in the suburbs. Overall the area is decently safe, especially compared to the city.

Two weeks ago, a young man and one of his friends came into the store and ran off with bottles of liquor. We reported them to law enforcement with the license plates. Officers tracked them and asked if we want to pursue charges. 

Two days later one of the kids mothers comes by and begs me to drop the charges. She says her son is the first one in the family to go to college and that he has a scholarship and that if the university finds out they will rescind their offer, and the scholarship.

I told her I am sorry but I already have made up my mind. Since then people in the community have treated me much worse I believe she probably told a lot of people I don’t know her version of events. 

But now I am a being seen as a horrible person. And that I am directly responsible for what the university chooses to do. And people are saying that if a white kid robbed me that I wouldn’t have went to the police. And this is not true, I am an equal opportunity reporter

I don’t know what’s going on to be honest, it also appears that he had a previous criminal record as well.

I don’t think I did anything wrong here. If you get caught stealing you should have to deal with the consequences. But apparently that makes me the devil  First off it's not my intent to misgender but this is new to me so excuse me. One of my friends recently came out as trans and said she always felt like a guy trapped inside a woman's body.



  She has started transitioning & wearing male clothing and wants us to start referring to her using male pronouns instead of female. I have no problem with him being transgender however my other girlfriends and I don't feel comfortable including him in our night outs once he's done transitioning.



   We don't feel it's appropriate anymore because it's, well, girls' night out. I mentioned this to my bf and he says it's transphobic to exclude him but we don't feel comfortable with him anymore and I think our feelings overtake his. Plus in my defense if excluding him is transphobic then girls' night outs are sexist because they exclude men. I don't think we're doing anything wrong because my safety overtakes his feelings. AITA?My partner and I are in our 30s and we live in a country where gay marriage is illegal. We got engaged years ago knowing we wouldn't be able to marry, but we set a "wedding" date and had a party for friends and family. Instead of an actual ceremony, we got matching tattoos. We had been together 7 years when that happened, and it's been another 6 years since then.

Anyway, my sister has been with her husband for just under 2 years. They got engaged almost as soon as they started dating, and they married 3 months ago. However, they're both not into wearing rings, so my sister suggested to her husband to get tattoos instead.

I jokingly told her that it's a curse (that getting a tattoo of a boyfriend/husband/partner's name will result in a break-up) and she said that my relationship is still going strong despite the curse. I said yeah, but we were together for 7 years when we got the tattoos, and btw we didn't tattoo each other's names but something else (a picture of a memory we have together), whereas she was going for straight-up "Samuel <3 21.6.19" in huge thick letters across her wrist. I told her not to do it, and to just wear her wedding band on a necklace or something, but she told me to piss off, and did it anyway.

Fast forward, her marriage is falling apart. Nothing happened, they just seem to be realizing they're not a good fit, and it's only a question of time when they'll divorce. They don't even live together anymore, he moved out 3 weeks into their marriage.

Now, my sister is blaming me for subconsciously influencing her and making her marriage fail. She thinks that me saying it was a curse subconsciously made her act towards her husband in a certain way that resulted in him being pushed away and not loving her anymore. I've never heard of something like this before. I very much doubt I have this superpower of destroying relationships. But my sister is currently going around telling our relatives I'm the asshole that ruined her marriage.


**There are too many requests, so**

**I HEREBY CURSE AND BLESS ALL OF YOU DEPENDING ON WHICH ONE YOU PREFER.**

**If it doesn't come true, don't @ me.**UPDATE: My Dad heard the whole thing and told my mother about it, who was working in the kitchen. They both (politely) excused themselves afterwards and drove over to my place to talk about it. My Dad drove my half of the groceries to my cousin's place and then came back. There's now a massive feud on our family WhatsApp with two groups:

1) Family who are sticking up for me and telling other people to stop provoking me (mostly older relatives).

2) People who are saying I'm an asshole (mostly the younger generation).

&#x200B;

My cousin and her boyfriend (soon-to-be-married) were having their baby shower and the whole family was invited to the party. My mother and aunts love to cook so they wanted to gather the ingredients and make a huge dinner themselves. I drove my car and my father drove his, and we basically pushed the shopping carts along and got our credit cards ready while the women shoveled everything they wanted into the carriages.

We finally got everything to my cousin's place and we started off-loading my Dad's car first. While I was inside, I got a chance to say hi to my cousin to congratulate her on her baby shower. The conversation started off light, but took a weird turn. She asked me how my parents raised me, and specific details like if they grounded me, what kinds of punishment they used, what I did when I was little and what regrets I had as a kid that I would change. I thought they were trying to learn how to raise their child, but it was weird because I'm a single guy. They would've been better off asking my parents about these things.

Here's where things get dark. I ask my cousin why she's asking me all this, and she says, "I just want to raise my baby better than you," That made no sense because I never raised any babies. The vibe I got was definitely that it was an insult but on the off-chance she wasn't intentionally being rude, I just laughed it off and said, "Well I'm no Bill Gates, or Steve Jobs, but I do alright for," I assumed she meant that she wanted to raise her baby to be better than me, which is fine since parents want the world for their kids.

Nope, she just kept going. "Well that's true. Did your parents ever think you'd turn out this way?"

I said, "Well I think they just wanted me to be happy,"

Her, "Are you?"

Me, "Well I'm definitely happy for you, congratulations!" (I'm trying reaaaaaaally hard to steer things away from me).

Her, "Thanks. Do you ever plan on having kids?"

Me, "I just gotta find the right person, but until then I'm gonna enjoy life as is. There's no need to stress out wanting something else and taking what we have for granted."

Her, "Sure... Well I'm younger than you and I already have a family. Don't wait too long... or else you might ending up dying alone," I ask her directly what she meant. She just laughs, shrugs, and leaves. I her again and she says, "Don't get angry at me, you're the one who refuses to go out and meet people. If you bothered to leave your house every once in a while maybe you'd have a family of your own by now. I just don't want my baby to end up like you,"

Everyone within earshot was dead-silent. I just stared at her for who knows how long and she just ends up rubbing her belly and waddling away.

I leave, taking my car home and halfway there, I realize half the groceries are still in my car. At this point, I could have driven back and dumped it on the porch buuuuuuuuuuuut I decided Fuck It, screw her. I ignored all calls and texts, and just took a nap.1. Married for 8 years, have one child (3F) together

2. When we started dating he was very clear that he had donated sperm in the past

3. I never asked him how much but just assumed it was just a couple of kids

4. Actually ask him last week and he tells me the fertility centres last updated him at 47 kids

I was... Not expecting that many. 

It's clearly my fault for not asking how many. At the time, I literally said I "didn't care" about his sperm donation and "didn't want to know", so I can't blame him for not telling me how many. I literally told him not to.

....But 47?! Christ!!!!

I can't stop thinking about all the problems this will cause when we're older. 

WIBTA for divorcing him for something that he was very upfront about?!?!

Edit: I forgot to mention. All the kids are legally entitled to his contact details when they turn 18This couple decided to bring their son, I assume was around the age of 10 to the movies. They sat five seats down from me. I noticed during the previews a howling noise, in which I turned and saw the couple and their son, who I assume was mentally handicap by his behavior. Every five minutes, he would get up and leave the theater. When he came back, he would blurt our something loud enough for everybody to hear. This went on the ENTIRE film. It’s not the child’s fault, but parents should show some consideration for everybody is. I work for a local government office, in a large complex with a whole lot of people. When their kids are sick or when they don't have a sitter for their kids, they take the day off from the substantial leave that we're allowed per year. My entitled coworker feels that when she doesn't have a sitter, it's perfectly fine to just bring her 5 year old in with her for the entire day. The kid "camps out" under this coworkers desk, laying on the floor, being constantly told to "Ssssh" and left to amuse herself with an ipad and toys. This coworker also does not ask our supervisor beforehand if it's alright to do this, she just brings the kid in. 

Also, when she has her kid here, numerous people come over to our office to chat and coddle the kid and "meet" the kid and baby talk the kid and it's really disturbing when you're trying to concentrate on writing or creating graphics for a project. 

This morning, I heard her come in and she told her kid to say hi to me. Coworkers says she didn't have a sitter today. I said, "you mean she's here all day again?" She said yes. I asked if she asked our supervisor if it was okay. She said, "No, he'll know when he gets here." I told her that the office is NOT A DAYCARE center and she should use the leave she has to stay home and watch her kid.
All day she's been whispering to people about how I'm an asshole to telling her this and how I don't like kids. I love kids. Just not in the office all damn day! Am I the Asshole here?When I was in my mid-twenties, I froze some eggs. We ended up freezing 10 eggs. I was lucky enough that my job covered part of the costs. 

Fast forward: when my husband and I were ready to get pregnant, we ended up just getting pregnant naturally (I am currently 35, I had my baby a year ago). We do want two more children, so we will likely use a few of the eggs. 

My sister (30) had one kid in her teens (my 12 year old niece) and has recently gotten married. She and her husband have been together for less than six months. Even though she was young, my sisters first pregnancy was a struggle. She has been told that she probably will not be able to have another baby. 


Now, she and her new husband are asking me if they can have one or two of my stored eggs. I instantly told her no, I would feel very weird about it. 

I then softened my stance, and told her that if she paid me a substantial amount of money, I would let her have two eggs. I have been paying $70 a month for the past nine years to store them and paid a hefty fine for the process of removal. I gave her a price of $5,000. I admit that this is mostly done to dissuade her from asking me. 

She’s really torn up, and blaming me for not being able to “enjoy sharing a child with her husband”. I told her to find a donor egg, and she would be able to do that. She says she wants a baby that is related by blood (my baby??). 
I also told her, frankly, that if she can’t afford 5K for the egg, she can’t afford another baby. Before she got married, she was constantly asking me for money. 

She has now gone on to whine to any family member or friend in ear shot about how much of a horrible sister I am. My parents are begging me to help my sister start a family, and are saying that if her new husband leaves her because he wants kids, it will be my fault. Other people are even coming out of the woodwork to shame me for not giving her the eggs. 

I feel for my sister, I really do. But these are my eggs. Even if they are not used, they are mine. Am I an asshole for not giving them to her?I am 16f and I just passed my driver's license test. My parents had been saying for a while that they'd get me a car when I passed the test, and I passed on the first try! 

My parents sat me down and said that the car would come with some restrictions and expectations...

- I would pay for my insurance and gas, and tolls, with money from my part time job. (I'd be on their insurance but I'd pay my part)

- I would drive my siblings ( 14m 11m ) to school, home from soccer and robotics club, etc.

- I would run family errands twice a month. 

- I would be responsible for car maintenance and cleaning.

- I would have my car privileges suspended if I got a speeding ticket, other moving violation, or was seen driving unsafely

- I would not drive more than one friend at a time as they might be a distraction.

- The car was to stay at home as a family car / learner car for my brothers when I go to college

Afterwards, I thought through all that, and realized I'd basically be paying a lot of my own money to be a driver for my brothers all the time. And I wouldn't even be able to use my car for much of what Id want to use it for. Like doing things with friends. And I wouldn't have a car for college.

So I thought on it. I made a budget of how much I'd spend a month on maintenance, gas, tolls, cleaning, insurance, etc... Versus how much I was making at my job. 

Then I figured how long it would take for me to save up and buy my own car, and still be budgeting for all the monthly costs. And I figured that if I put my savings into a car fund and also saved for six to eight months, If be able to afford my own car and all its costs.

I thought that would be a much better choice; I'd have a car to take to college and I wouldn't have to be the chauffeur to my brothers every day. 

So yesterday I told my parents "No thanks; I'd rather keep working and save up for a car I can totally own. I've worked out a budget and think it will take under 8 months." 

I honestly thought my parents would be OK with it; they value budgeting and personal responsibility a lot so I thought they might even be proud of me making this my goal. But they had a lot of problems with it, that I'll just summarize here

1. They want me to drive my brothers so my mom and dad don't have to any more.

2. They think the sort of car I can afford (a mid 2000s sedan like a Honda Civic or Toyota Camry) would be a lot less safe than what they were planning on getting. (A new Hyundai SUV)

3. The car is not just for me, it will be a third family car for when my brothers learn to drive too.

I feel like that's really unfair, that they won't let me save for my own car instead. It's like they've decided they're gonna give me something I don't even want, and I don't have a choice in it.

WIBTA if I said I won't drive the car my parents buy, if they buy it, I've decided I'm gonna save for my own car instead?My gf wants to host a game night, but one of her friends has a newborn(4weeks old). The parents want everyone to have their flu shots before they bring the kid over. Maybe it's because I(30yr M) grew up before flu shots were a thing, but I don't feel that I should be required to have a shot to hang out with them. If they are worried about their kid they should get a sitter and leave him at home.

My gf got pissed and said I was being unreasonable because the flu shot was inexpensive and you can easily get them at a CVS. I am all about vaccinations, but I am not a fan of being told I need to do something for someone else's peace of mind.

Edit:

Quick edit, that I thought was obvious. I am not going to go if the baby will be there, and I don't have my shot. I don't want to get a baby sick/possibly die. I may still be the A\*\*hole, but I am not heartless.

&#x200B;

UPDATE:

I wanted to let everyone know that I got the flu shot, went to game night, and it was a lot of fun. Thanks everyone for weighing in; even though I ended up being the A-hole, good to know a few people agreed with me.At my school, there is traditionally a balloon release on graduation day. An acquaintance of mine decided to challenge this tradition because it's harmful to wildlife and is basically littering, and offered several other environmentally-friendlier options. We live in a fairly conservative area that greatly values tradition, so this was not very well received by most people.

She then created a petition/appeal to the school administration, which I signed. This was also signed by several other students and even teachers and other staff. I was also very vocal about the matter on social media. I got into a few arguments (nothing major) where I posted some statistics I had researched. I even spoke with the newspaper about the issue. 

Yesterday, my girlfriend told me that it was embarrassing that I was supporting this, because I'm just "stirring the pot" and doing this for attention. She said that since the ones against it are the minority, I should just keep my mouth shut since it's not going to change (she is probably correct.) She also said she had people (both inside and outside of school) ask her why I was doing this.

AITA?So im the manager of a construction company set up by my parents before they retired a few years ago and although I'm relatively young to be running it (28) I think I'm doing pritty well. 
Around 6 months ago a friend on my father's lost his job and because of his age (mid 50s) he was having trouble finding other work so I was asked to give him a job, so I did because i knew the guy had a lot of experience in the area. 
As soon as he started I noticed him either not listening to me or just rolling his eyes when ever I took charge and he would occasionally make comments like "I know what I'm doing" and "I've been doing this longer then you. But I ignored this because I figured it must be hard for him to be taking orders from someone almost half his age so I mostly ignored it...until yesterday.
Yesterday I was having a few issues with one of our clients (nothing major we just couldn't decide on the best way to procide with the job) and he suddenly comes out with 
"Achually can I just talk to your boss so I can make sure theres no misunderstandings?" 
So I slightly surprised respond with 
"Oh sorry if I never made it clear but I'm the manager"
And his face instantly turned in to a glare and he said 
"Common kid dont try and pull that I'm fully aware that hes the manager" and he pointed straight to my father's friend 
At this point I ask the client if that man had been saying hes the manager. He confirmed that he had been under the assumption that he was since the start of the job and he had also been discussing details of the job with him as well. 
So as you can expect I go and talk to my fathers friend and ask him if hes been pretending to be in charge. 
And he didn't even denay it and started trying to claim that he knows how to run a company better anyway. 
So I fired him on the spot infrount of all the other staff and the client. And now I'm getting the 3rd degree from both parents. 
So did I over react or what? 
P.s sorry for long post and possible bad spelling I'm dyslexic lolI was walking my kid home from school. We are in a pretty nice area so the windows tend to be huge and on ground level. 

My child is 6. Suddenly she laughed and pointed at one of the houses. Inside there was a completely naked woman leaning down to pick something up right in front of the window. We could see everything clear as day. 

I know the woman, she is one of my wives friends. I laughed along with my kid as she clearly wasn’t bothered but inside I was a little WTF. 

I saw her at a coffee and cake morning  at school a few weeks later and she and my wife and I happened to sit on the same table. I tried to be as tactful as possible towards the end and say hey, Sophia and I kinda saw you naked a couple weeks back, maybe since you’re near the school it’ll be less awkward to just draw a curtain? 

She was very offended and told me I was being inappropriate and I was floored. I was even more floored when my wife agreed with her. I told my wife later that if it was a naked dude all hell would have already broken loose. She wants me to apologise to her friend. 

AITA? Am I going nuts?The MCAT is basically the entrance exam for medical schools in the US. Applicants are graded from 472 to 528 based on a percentile. A 478 is literally the bottom 2% of test takers. The median/average score that can maybe get you into a med school is a 500. You must score at least a 508 to be in the top 20% of applicants, in a field where only about 20% of applicants each year accepted into all the med schools in the country.

Results for the June 15 exam came out yesterday. This coworker was happily telling people how she passed and got a 478. I myself aspire to be a doctor but postponed taking the MCAT because I have been unable to hit a 505 consistently in full length practice tests. I have an trying to coach her, telling her that she must hit at least a 500 to be even considered as a serious applicant. Throughout this process, I have noticed that she didn’t have a solid prep plan, or a good idea of how to be a pre-med student (she is non traditional like me).

So when she was happily telling our other coworkers (and the doctors we work for!) that she got a 478, I took her aside and tried to explain to her the reality of the situation as nicely as possible. Threw in some encouraging words about the virtues of retaking, implored her to hit the Kaplan books and really research the kinds of students the schools she wants to apply to (she just wants to get in anywhere).  I asked her to reconsider postponing her applications until next year. She had already sent out some primaries but haven’t gotten any secondary applications back.

She was in near tears. It feels like I just crushed someone’s dreams. She couldn’t look me in the eye the rest of the day. 

AITA???????My ex and I have a 6 year old together and we split custody 50/50. He's been dating his girlfriend for 3 years and they now live together. For the last 2 Mother's Days, his girlfriend has gotten me a gift and a card on my ex's behalf, but signed from both of them. I know they're from her because they're things my ex would never pick out and her handwriting is on the card. 

They've lived together for the last year and therefore she lives with my son half the time. My ex works very long hours and it's clear from what my son tells me that my ex's girlfriend takes care of him almost exclusively during the week because my ex is working. 

I thought it would be nice to get my ex's girlfriend something nice for Mother's Day this year. I didn't go over the top, I just made her a little basket with body lotion, a face mask, and some earrings. We always do Mother's Day together for my son and I pulled her aside and gave it to her there to thank her for helping raise my son and being so good to him. 

My ex later pulled me aside and told me that giving her the gift was inappropriate because I was going to give her the wrong idea about their relationship. I told him his relationship issues were theirs to deal with but I was just trying to show my gratitude for the work she puts in for our son. AITA for giving her the gift without asking him if it was alright first?This happened a couple years ago but some of our mutual friends still think I was the dick in this situation, so I thought I would submit myself to judgement.

I was living with and discussing marriage with a girl I'd been dating for around 3 years.  She went off on a school trip around the end of February/beginning of March  and when she came back,  things seemed off.  It was just little things, like she started texting "luv ya" instead of "love you" and stuff like that.  I finally asked her what the deal was around the end of April, and we ended up "taking a break". I moved out, but we still hung out almost every day, still went on dates, still had sex. 

I had bought her a new cell phone around the time she got back, an LG V10 (believe it or not this is important). Around the end of May or so, the phone malfunctions and bootloops endlessly, as they are known to do.  She gives it to me so I can try to warranty it or something to get some of my money back, while she buys herself a new phone.  I did some research and discovered that the bootloop could be temporarily bypassed by freezing the phone, so I decide to give it a shot so I can try to pull her pictures and stuff off and generally just try to win some good guy points.  It works, and as soon as I boot it up she starts getting messages from "David". Lots of messages, of the not so innocent variety. 

I pop open the messages to see that they go back all the way to her school trip. She's been seeing this guy in secret for months, both before and after our "break" while also giving me the runaround and acting like we're on the verge of getting back together.  It's also clear that he doesn't know about me at all, every time he tries to make plans with her while we were doing somrthing, she was just making excuses like "spending time with family". 

I shoot him a few texts, tell him who I am,  that I just discovered I was being lied to, and that I suspected he was being lied to as well.  Turns out he was recently divorced because his wife had been cheating, and he was horrified to discover that he had been the "other guy".  Long story short, we both washed our hands of her and went our separate ways, but literally every female I know has told me that it was not my place to tell him and that I should have left well enough alone.  I even had to leave my job because the women there ostracized me so heavily because of it.  The way i see it, he deserved the truth and I helped him dodge a major bullet before it could hurt him like it hurt me.  Clearly she was the asshole for cheating, but am I the asshole for exposing it?

Edit to answer some common questions:

>Why did you tell everybody?

I didn't.  I told one person at work, because I thought they were my friend, and who doesn't need a friend to talk to when shit like that goes down?  That one person told everyone else in the office.  We also lived in a really small town at the time, and gossipers gonna gossip.

>Why are you calling her your fiancee when it sounds like you never proposed?

When I said we discussed marriage, I meant that we had sat down and decided that we were getting marries. Plans were already in the works and a date had already been set.  I've always believed that a step that big should come from mutual agreement rather than springing it on someone and putting them on the spot for an answer. Maybe I'm wrong.

>What did you do to make her cheat on you?

Well, to paraphrase her reasoning, we had been together for a while and the relationship wasn't "new and exciting" anymore. She met a dude that made her feel the new and exciting feelings again so she decided to fuck him. Also, fuck you for asking that.So I have finals this week and, tensions are running high everywhere. I was studying in the library with a group of friends for a political science class, and my friend complained that this class is incredibly hard and he's having a tough time. This girl who was studying with us heard him and was like "you aren't a STEM major so why are you even complaining? you haven't had a hard class till you've taken calc 3." Now I'm not a STEM major either, and I just felt tired of always being told my major isn't hard or anything, especially since she has mentioned it several times before, so I told her to shut the fuck up for once. But this led to her crying and her friends started telling me I was being mean to her.

Was I the asshole here?Three years ago, my husband lost his wife of 18 years. She passed from a brain tumor, only 11 months passed between her diagnosis and her death. She was only 41 years old and left behind 4 children ranging from the ages of 5-16. 

I have actually known my husband for about 8 years, as we work together. I always found him to be a handsome guy, but never did I start falling for him until a year after his first wife passed. He even introduced me to their kids before we officially started dating. They all accepted me with open arms and have all been nothing short of amazing. 

We got married last November and welcomed our daughter in September. About a month back, we had some family photos done with all 7 of us. They finally arrived in the mail recently and I decided to start framing & hanging them throughout the house. There are 4 photos with my husbands late wife hanging around the house. 3 of them are old family photos and the other is a shot of just her. 

There are only so many places to hang photos in this house, so I decided to move one of the old ‘family’ photos and place our newly done photo there. The old frame was a lot smaller than the new one I had put it, so I moved the old one to a more tight spot in a less visible area of the house.

I soon came to the realization that this may have come off a bit tacky, so I talked to my husband and children about it upon their arrival from work/school. They all said it was no big deal and encouraged me to leave the newly framed photo in this spot, which I did.

Over the weekend, ‘her’ parents came over to visit with the kids. They, especially her mother, have always seemed to have a blatant disdain for me. She discouraged my husband from marrying me because I was ‘too young’ to help raise 4 children . Then, she yelled at me for referring to myself as the kids mother. Despite the tense past, I have never seen her as angry as she was about the changing of pictures. 

She accused me of trying to replace her daughter by giving rid of all evidence that she once lived in the house. I assured her that was not the case. She demanded that I put the original picture back in its place and find another spot to put my photo. I refused, telling her that my husband and her grandchildren had all approved of the way I did things. She then when on a long rant about how I have no respect for her or her husband. I replied by saying that this is my house and I will do things the way I want just as she can arrange the things she wants in her own house. They angrily stormed out of the house and we haven’t heard from them since. 

Perhaps I came off a little too hard, but this woman has been making my life miserable from day one. I had simply had enough and felt that I had to put my foot down and stop letting her get away with the ‘grieving’ excuse.I was meant to get married on the 1st of February, which was mine and my ex-fiance's anniversary. We ended the engagement shortly after the new year because he cheated on me. The wedding was initially planned with just my money but was very low key, and my parents asked if they could put up some additional money to make the whole thing a bit bigger. By the end about 60% of the wedding was paid for by me and 40% my parent's contribution. My ex and I had agreed that I would pay for the wedding while he covered the honeymoon.

My ex left me to deal with cancelling the wedding as his money wasn't involved, and I turned to my mother and sister for help because I didn't have the mental or emotional capacity to call vendors and venues and whatever else and cancel everything.

My sister is engaged, and helped me with a lot of wedding planning. Next thing I know, my mother and sister are asking me if I wouldn't mind my sister just.... taking my wedding. Every part of it, from the venue to the cake, and everything in between. The sole difference will be the wedding dress, and even then she's said if she can't buy off the rack she might have to get mine tailored to fit her instead.

I called off my engagement less than 3 weeks ago. I am a fucking mess. I reached out to my family to help me cancel the wedding, and my sister is planning to take it over instead.

My sister has rung round our family explaining that she's taking over before she told me this. They are all attending. Her fiance has contacted his family and given them the date he will be getting married. I found all this out TODAY. She asked me if I was okay with this, like she hadn't already arranged everything. I told her to go fuck herself.

I have until the 23rd to cancel things and get the money back. There's a couple of things where I won't get money back at this stage but over 2/3 of it is still refundable. The money will be refunded to the card it was paid by, so both me and my parents will get the correct amounts back. Everything is shut right now but it's the 21st tomorrow. As I've not been in contact with these companies and it's my name on all the contracts, I have full power over this wedding. My sister said she'd pay me back eventually but knowing her I'll never see that money again.

WIBTA if I rung round everything and cancelled?

&#x200B;

Update: I talked to my sister and explained how upset I was and how hurt this made me feel and she said that this was a good thing, and it would be therapeutic for me to see good come from bad. I said that is really not what it's feeling like on my end, and to me it feels like I got cheated on a month before my wedding and my sister said she would cancel everything for me and then decided that getting married in my dress in the venue my ex and I picked out together on my anniversary date, and this did not feel good.

I said if she wanted to buy the wedding off me then I needed payment in full for my 60% by the 23rd, and I wanted to switch out our names on the contracts. She said she was hoping for closer to a payment plan, where she paid me back 50% of the 60% I put down in monthly installments over the next TEN MONTHS. She wanted to pay me back 5% PER MONTH for 10 MONTHS. AND I STILL WOULDN'T GET ALL MY MONEY BACK.

I've made calls and cancelled everything. Everything was paid for by me and my parent's money paid primarily for upgrades to the things I'd already bought. The money will be refunded to whoever paid for it, so myself and my parents will all get the correct money back, however, with some, like the caterer, we've lost the deposit entirely, with some, like the venue, they kept part of the money (average 50% but some kept more and some kept less) and with some, like the baker who was a family friend and hadn't started on the cake yet, they completely refunded it. I think the fact that I was open that the wedding was off because he cheated made them feel bad for me and probably made a few of them more lenient on refunds (didn't just bring it up for the sake of it, most of them asked if I'd wanted to reschedule). On the whole, I've gotten a little over half back, which is not as much as I thought. Really annoying thing is that I put these cancellations through on the 21st, and if I'd done it on the 18th (2 full weeks notice) I'd have gotten more, but they waited until the 20th to tell me.

The dates are now open, the plans are now there, if she wants to rebook everything in her name she is welcome to. She helped me with a fuckton of planning, knows the details better than I do, and she can easily rebook the exact same thing and will probably be doing the vendors a favour considering how close we are to the big day.

Some refunds will be instant, some will take a bit of time (longest is 2 weeks), and I'm no longer going on my honeymoon so once all the refunds have come through I might book a week away somewhere. Not sure what's happening with my sister/mother/family at large.

In total, I would have gotten more back from my sister than I would from the venues, but it would be a year wait on her repaying me vs a few weeks on the venues.

Currently drafting a facebook post to tell the family what happened without me looking like a total bitch. I have a feeling they've already guessed what went on but only one way to make sure.Okay, so at my son's school they have a system where kids get points for good behavior and negative marks for behavior that needs work. There is an app where parents can view this as well as communicate with teachers. 

My son's grade (1st) was having an end of the year good behavior field trip to a skating rink. The kids that could go had to have so many good behavior points. My son was diagnosed with ADHD and we are working on ways to help him control his energy and to behave better. That said, he was about 5 points shy of being able to go on the field trip. Because of that I did not send in a signed permission slip or money. 

The day of the field trip comes around and k send my son to school expecting him to have to go to another class room for the day. After school I pick him up and ask how his day was and he proceeds to tell me that they took him with them on the field trip. He said he was told to sit at a table on the side of the skating rink and to do a work packet while watching the other kids. 

He was upset because he was made to sit and watch everyone else having fun. That is understandable because these kids are 7 years old. Yes he understands consequences for bad behavior but what adult thinks this is a good consequence? So since it was after school, I messaged his teacher asking about it. I have not gotten a reply. I tried calling the principal and was unable to reach her. 

So I would like to know WIBTA for calling the school board or whoever I need to call and reporting the school? I'm not talking about just reporting because they did a messed up, hurtful punishment but also because I was not made aware my son would be driven from the school for that day.Back in 2015, I opened my own business, during that time I was working a boring office job and living pay-check to pay-check, I was making £26k a year whereas my siblings and my parents were making way more than me, some of them even made double what I made or triple.

When I opened my business, I asked if they wanted to invest as little as £100 in it, no one did... My entire family thought that my business was going to fail, just like I failed my sixth form. In 2018 and 2019 my business literally boomed, it allowed me to quit my job and now I make just on the border-line of 7 figures a year.

My parents still have around £200k in mortgage payments left and are about to retire. Yesterday at a family reunion, my aunt asked why I don't help them out financially considering I make more in a year than they make in a decade, I told them because they had no hope in me and did not want to invest into my company when it was at its baby steps. I also told her that my parents made more than enough to put aside some money each month towards retirement, but due to their unorganised spending habits they were living pay-check to pay-check every month. They were making TRIPLE what I was making when I was an office boy.

My aunt called me an asshole for not helping them out and spending my wealth on "lavish" things. I told her I earned my shit through hard work, sleepless nights and dedication.

So, am I really the asshole here?My husband died a week ago and I'm 13 weeks pregnant. My in-laws know and they want me to keep the baby so there's a piece of him alive. When I mentioned I might get an abortion they flipped out on me, called me every name in the book and selfish, at which point I broke down in tears and left.

I don't know what to do. On one hand I can understand what they mean, if I abort there's nothing of my husband left. But I just... Don't know. I can end this chapter of my life and move on. I don't know what to do. I know a lot of you are thinking it's amazing I'm pregnant and I can always have a piece of him through my baby but that's the thing, I can't decide if I want that or not. I've never been more conflicted in my life and I have to stop thinking about it so I don't miscarry from the stress.

Edit: I don't know how many people will see this but I want to thank everyone who offered support and shared their stories with me via PM, I'm truly moved. I'm still undecided on what to do moving forward but I I'll try and find someone to talk to. Some more context if anyone's wondering:

*  My husband died by suicide because he was too stressed out about his career. No one really saw it coming.
*  I don't have any children, or family. My sister is the only one I know and she's on the other coast. I'm 25.
*  I don't know if I'm going to abort, however *if* I do carry the baby full term, I'd rather take care of it myself and not give it up for adoption.
*  I'm in New York which has some of the toughest grandparent rights laws which further complicates things. I'm afraid of giving birth then having custody taking away from me.
*  My financial situation is... okay. I can support my baby and I if I budget down.
*  My relationship with my in-laws was never friendly. They didn't approve of me and despite trying to warm relations with them they never reciprocated.
*  Some people are questioning why I'm trying to move on so fast and saying I'm awful for it: The baby is growing and I can't hit pause. I need to make up my mind sooner than later.

  My mind still isn't made up and likely won't be soon. I'll take some time off to think and talk to someone about this situation. Also to the very colorful PM's telling me to kill myself, go fuck yourself. Thank you.

&#x200B;&#x200B;

Edit to link to original:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bchxly/wibta\_if\_i\_broke\_up\_with\_my\_girlfriend\_over\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bchxly/wibta_if_i_broke_up_with_my_girlfriend_over_my/) 

&#x200B;

I've got a couple requests for an update, and to be honest I could have given an update the night after it happened but I didn't want to post too much if something changed. I'm sorry for ducking out of the thread early too. I read the first 400 or so comments and wanted to respond and give information to some of the folks asking, but I didn't really have time since she found the thread. I tried to obfuscate enough details that this wouldn't happen, but it's a unique situation and it got pretty popular and I think one of her friends clued her in.  I hope no other new pet parents had to explain this thread to their SOs.

&#x200B;

Some of you were asking for specific instances of abuse, and to be honest I didn't really think she was abusing him. I just thought that the way she was interacting with him might be more suitable for another cat. Molly did wonderfully with our previous cat, but she was a different cat.

&#x200B;

My original plan was to sit down with her and try to have one more honest conversation about our cat's comfort level in this house. Something needed to be done before he turned into a nervous wreck. None of this happened sadly. She came home and had it out with me about everything from the cat to some issues with her family and circled back around to our previous cat, who she kind of accused me of killing (she had end-stage cancer and stopped eating and was having daily seizures. The vet encouraged us to put her to sleep). I'd rather not go into too much detail here, but you guys were right. Our relationship had a lot of problems and adopting our cat just made them undeniable. I know some people accused my post of validation-seeking, but honestly it's difficult to tell things are bad when you're looking at the situation from the inside. Even if it was my fault, it's obviously time for things to end.

&#x200B;

She moved back in with her parents, and the silver lining is that she agreed to let me keep the kitty. She's been gone about two weeks and he's spending a lot more time out and about with me. Hopefully this continues.This is literally happening right now and I'm not sure how I feel or if I'm being an arsehole here, I'm feeling many emotions right now...

For some context, I had a university deadline last Friday, and another university application deadline this Friday.

When I moved out a few years ago my parents insisted on keeping all my college and university so they could keep it safe, I thought fair enough, they have a much bigger house and the space available to keep everything in one place and safe. Since then, extensive clearing out has occurred at my parents house.

Fast forward to last month and I let my mum know that I would be needing my sketchbooks from my uni work in order to apply onto master programmes. I keep mentioning it and she keeps saying she'll get dad to look in the attic for them. This Sunday comes round, i go over to pick them up and no one has looked for them yet. 


Last night they let me know that they can't find anything. They've found my brothers stuff and a lot of scrappy stuff but nothing that resembles three years of university work...


Long story short, my parents have basically lost my uni work, my application to these other universities is now compromised, mum is saying i need to sort this out myself now as she thinks I've given them a hard time

Am I the asshole?


Edit 1: Thankyou to everyone who had commented, I will include a bit more info below as I've seen a few re-occuring comments.

1. I don't live at home, and I contacted my parents a month prior to the deadline, and kept reminding until I could get home. 

2. When at home I had searched the house with no luck, my parents said they had put everything in the attic for safe keeping - the attic doesn't have a drop down ladder and unless you're over 6ft like my dad, it's impossible to get inside. My work was apparently somewhere i could not physically get to. 

3. Im an architecture student, and whilst i do have digital presentation sheets, the emphasis of the interview is sketchbooks, hand drawn sheets and models - which i found trashed in the attic (the models). 

4. My parents have not apologised or spoken to me since Wednesday and my deadline is today. 

5. My portfolio was planned out way before the deadline, i had the sheets on photoshop set up with all the titles and annotations, all i needed was my sketchbooks, models and larger drawings to take to a plotter (i had an appointment booked) to scan and import.So my daughter was born 2 years ago, I had a very good pregnancy but develop gestational diabetes at 32 weeks (due to me being overweight I was checking my sugar levels every other day). Due to this my OBGYN schedule a cesarean I didn’t have any issues with this I just wanted my baby to be born safely.
So before going in to the hospital I talked with my husband that if something where to happened and he needed to choose between myself and our baby to please choose me. He got quiet but said that he agreed and that please let me mother know about what we talked.

Everything went according to plan and both of us where completely fine.

Now fast forward to now trying for number two and in a Christmas party with my girlfriends the topic was brought up about babys. There’s another friend that is also trying so the topic of conversation was on that for a good hour.

When my friend ask me that if I was ready for another 9 months of pregnancy and how I felt. I answer truthfully cause honestly I was just letting all the fears and doubts go.

I said that I do want another baby and that pregnancy doesn’t scare me such as giving birth again. I said that I straight told my husband again that I’m scared that something may happened to me during the birth and in the hopes of giving my daughter a sibling I could leave her without a mother. That the original agreement stands that he needs to choose me if that’s the case.

My friends where disgusted with my thinking and said that i was an asshole to my husband in asking him to basically kill his baby (those where the exact words), that I was a very negative person and that I needed to rethink my thoughts. I’m a person that likes to be prepared for the worse case scenario and hope for the best. I didn’t want my husband to be blindsided with who to choose and to have the answer on the spot. Nobody likes to think in what could go wrong specially in a pregnancy but I need to think every possible case that we could encounter. 

So Reddit AITA!?

Edit: so this blew up, just to clarify some points

1-English is not my first language 

2-I say Christmas party but this was at a friends house every year we ( work friends, 8 people) meet to celebrate the end of the year we talk about everything. I have yet to talk to them since this happened I didn’t want to create a scene. It did affect me that they think I’m such a negative person but I will talk with them.

3- yes I’m overweight and I had an almost perfect pregnancy.  People telling me to loose some weight before having another baby, thank you! I didn’t though of that before how enlightening! Also why do people want to know how much I weight? If you don’t know GD can affect any woman that is not overweight yes you have a better chance to have it but not only overweight woman develop it.

4- yes I know this scenario is not a likely one anymore due to the advances in medicine, but giving birth is a serious things, so many things can go wrong in an instant an I wanted to be prepared for it.

5- my thinking was, if something happened to us (me and baby) and my husband had to choose, either way his decision will be judge by my family. 
What if I died and he had to tell my parents sorry but I choose  the baby. 
That’s why he asked me to tell my mom of what we had agree to.
When the conversation was brought up my husband said he thought the same thing, he asked himself what would he do in that case and said that he was feeling awful cause he knew he wanted to save me but didn’t know how to tell me.  
So my husband wasn’t force or I made the decision for him. Also we did talked about if I end up in a ventilator or coma or anything like that I left instructions.

6- this is not a pro-life click bait or anything related to that.

7- people don’t like to think about the bad stuff during pregnancy but the risks for the mother are massive, your body goes under so much. It also takes a mental toll on you. 

8- also people that are saying that if I’m not prepared to die for my baby I shouldn’t be a mother are TA. 


9- just some facts for you  According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 700 women die in childbirth every year, and over 50,000 more nearly die, experiencing “severe maternal morbidity,” most often due to complications from severe bleeding. 

Thank you reddit!Original: /r/AmItheAsshole/comments/d62jcw/wibta_if_i_went_to_a_funeral_im_not_invited_to/

Recap: I was disowned by my family a few years back. I found out through text my dad had died and was told I wasn't wanted at the funeral.

First I want to say thanks, because even though this isn't an advice sub I received good advice on my original post and it really helped me reach out to my Dad's side of the family.

I did end up going to my dad's service and funeral, my aunt took me along with my grandparents. Thanks to all the ex-mormons who told me what I should expect at the funeral, if I hadn't known what was going to happen I would've probably been even more of a mess than I already was. My mom and her family were not happy to see me, she didn't even talk to me during the funeral which I guess is a lot better than her yelling at me. My older brother sat with me and my dad's side of the family during the funeral and was my support through the whole thing. He and my grandparents even encouraged me to get up and share stories about my dad when the time came for people to give final words.

The wake was nice, I guess my dad would sneak out and get a drink with my uncle every now and then so they had the wake at their favorite bar. My brother supporting me through everything and realizing he would have my back even when it came to our mom means the world to me.

I'm still trying to process his death, especially since he died on his way to see me. I've started seeing a therapist at my brother and aunt's suggestion, I was in a really bad place for a few weeks after the funeral, and it's really been a lot of help. Yesterday was my dad's birthday and my aunt and I drove up to visit his grave. It was a lot easier than I thought it was going to be, but hard nonetheless.

Thanks for all the help and advice!Me (26f) and my brother (27m) grew up close. As kids do, we eventually grew apart into our teens. My brother wound up dropping out of HS and falling in with a bad crowd. I got a full ride to college. I don't begrudge my brother not going to college. College isn't for everyone, and sometimes education in general is not compatible. It's fine. I loved him dearly, still do.

It's just that he's 27 and hasn't ever had a job. Any job. Literally any job. He lives in an apartment paid for by our parents in a very expensive part of the city and does nothing but smoke pot and play video games all day. He knows my mom is too afraid of him being homeless to stop supporting him, and my dad just goes along with it. They've refinanced their house several times to support him, which meant they never supported me financially.

Recently, my grandpa died. I was really close to him and the news hit me hard. I would go over once a week at least to clean his house for him (he was 95) go grocery shopping, run errands, hang out, etc. My brother was not welcome in my grandpa's house because he had in the past stolen things. Multiple times he stole valuables from Italy, where my grandpa was born, he stole a TV once, he stole my deceased grandma's jewelry--all to pay for weed.

I was informed by the executor of my grandpa's estate that I inherited one of his houses and a decent amount of money from him. My brother inherited money as well, but far less. Think 100k vs 10k. I feel awful. Yeah my brother can be a shithead but I do love him. I'm sure he has some undiagnosed mental issues. Recently my mom came down HARD, hinting and then flat out informing me that I was to share the "ridiculous amount of money" with my brother so that he can get on his feet and my mom could have a break supporting him.

Thing is, I don't want to share. I know it's a lot of money and a house, but I don't want to enable my brother to continue his lifestyle. I don't feel like it's my job to worry about what my parents do, because it's their choice, but I don't want to help. My mom is mad, my brother is mad, my dad is mad--so now I wonder if I am an AH for not giving him a little bit more.

So? WIBTA?

ETA: WOW, I didn't expect anything near this kind of feedback. There are so many comments and pieces of good advice and I can't reply to them all but please know I've read and taken to heart every single word, and all of you have strengthened my resolve that I am allowed to say no. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, even the few people who said I was too harsh. I appreciate your insight, every single one of you.

I wanted to clarify something, because a few people wondered what my parents got. It was my mom's dad and they didn't get along very well, but about ten years ago my grandpa gave them their inheritance early. I don't know all of the exact details because I was a teenager and worried about other things lol, but I do know my parents and grandparents (my grandma was alive then) sat down with a lawyer and it was very serious and suddenly my parents had enough money to buy new cars that they needed. I think they also threw money at my high school to make them stop complaining about my brother, but that's just a theory. So yes, they were acknowledged in the will as having asked for and accepted their inheritance early.I (22M) was raised in a highly religious household. I knew I was gay when I was twelve, and it was the most terrifying realization of my life. I knew, with absolute certainty, that every single person of importance in my life would hate me if they found out. 

When I was 16, I entered an online relationship with a boy I met through Tumblr. We never met in real life, but he was one of the first people I spoke to honestly about my sexuality. One day, my little sister (then 13F, now 19F) asked me if she could borrow my computer (I got my computer when I started high school, so she didn't have one of her own yet). I was usually very anal about clearing my internet history, but I didn't think my sister was gonna do much other than poke around Youtube, so I just let her have it. Unfortunately, my email was open, and she noticed that I'd received a notification about a message my bf had sent me on Tumblr. She read it.

She immediately told me that she had to tell mom and dad "that their son was a sinner." I begged and begged and begged her not to – literally on my knees, crying – but she insisted that mom and dad deserved to know, so she went downstairs and told them. Long story short, I spent the next year in a conversion therapy program before finally having a huge blowout with my father and getting kicked out of the house. I haven't spoken to my parents since. I spent almost a year homeless (though I am, luckily, doing much better now).

Three months ago, I got a Facebook message from my little sister. She told me that she's thought a lot about what she did all those years ago, and that she hopes for us to reconnect. At first, I had a lot of difficulty responding to her message, but after some encouragement from a few friends of mine, I finally got back to her. I asked her what she was up to, and what she meant by "thinking about" what she'd done.

She responded by saying that she'd just started her sophomore year of college, and that she was doing really well, but that going to college had given her a new perspective on LGBT issues, which was why she'd finally questioned whether she was right to tell our parents about me. She said she was sorry, and that she hoped I could forgive her.

I don't think I can, though? For one thing, like... she's just now realizing she was wrong? After she literally watched me get abused for a year then kicked out? Plus, I just can't reconcile the fact that she's still close with our parents, who are sending her to a great school and giving her such a wonderful life. It's just not fair.

I told her I don't think we can have a relationship. She responded that she "hopes I change my mind."

My friends say that I'm being petty, that she was just a child when she outed me, that I should give her the opportunity to make amends, and that I'm taking out my anger at our parents on her. But I think I have a right to set the boundaries that I need.

AITA?Tdlr at the bottom

Every couple of weeks me (f24) and my friends get together for a “classic movie night” at my house. We drink, joke around, and watch old movies deemed to be “important to film”. Good times.

The problem: one friend (23f) has been through an awful trauma recently which has affected her profoundly. Our group has really huddled around her to make sure she is okay and lend our support any way we can... but... in the last few times we got together she got triggered by the graphic scenes in the films we were watching and politely asks that we stop. (The first time was Rosemary’s Baby and the second was Taxi Driver, if that matters.)

Of course we all wanted to be sensitive so both times we immedietly turned it off and the group quickly dispersed after (kind of a bummer). Independantly, friends from the group have asked that I not invite her the next time, because we want to watch Clockwork Orange which will definetly be triggering to her. Since I’m hosting, it is up to me, but since I usually invite everyone via a group chat that she is in, it would require some maneuvering to exclude her.

God I feel like such a dick but my friends and I really want to be free to watch what we want without worrying about making her uncomfortable. WIBTA if I went out of my way to NOT invite her?

Tldr: My friends and I want to watch movies that our traumatized friend may find triggering - WIBTA to just not invite her anymore?

EDIT: Wow. So it took just 45min for me to realize Im an asshole! Some smart commenter posted an obvious solution: i will be using https://www.unconsentingmedia.org/ from now on to vet our films before movie night. 

To those saying we shouldnt care more about a movie then supporting our friend in need, youre right! I think this may be the first time I’ve seen a productive AITA post... Thanks for your help guys

Edit #2: Wow again. To everyone PMing me telling me I’m a pussy and a libtard for accepting my judgement and adjusting my position, you can go fuck youselves :)I was at baggage claim at the airport with my son, who’s 3. We were leaving and as we’re walking away, this girl yells “excuse me!” At me. I turn and she points to her Starbucks drink which is spilled on the floor and says “your kid did that.”

I ask my son if he spilled it and he said he bumped it. The girl says “it was $5” and looks at me expectantly. I was pissed about how rude she was and the way she was just looking at me and expecting me to pay for her mocha frappa-whatever without even asking, so I just shrugged and walked away. My partner called me an asshole when I told her the story. AITA?I (Caucasian F26) married (Filipino M 28) 2018. Everyone in my family is married to someone Caucasian,  literally no-one is in a mixed relationship. About 2 years ago I met my husband and we've been in love ever since. My parents never approved of our relationship and gave me an ultimatum. If I didn't leave him they'd kick me out and never speak to me again.  There was not one reason to hate him bc 1. They've never met him 2. They didn't want to meet him at all and 3. As soon as I mentioned he was Asian they looked visibly upset and my dad turned beet red. And since I didn't leave him, everyone in my family shunned me. For over two years my family didn't talk to me and didn't even know if I was okay. I tried to call them and even visit, but they'd never answer. After a while I got tired of trying. 

Fast forward 2018, my husband proposed and we agreed on having a small wedding with just close friends and family (80 people approx). I invited my parents, siblings, and close family but no-one showed up. I was so heartbroken because I never got my parents blessing and this is a one in a lifetime event. Towards the end of 2018 I find out I'm pregnant with our first child and we're so excited to be parents. I plan out a small baby shower and I again invite my family and no-one shows up. My mom decides to phone me later that night to tell me that my child will never be accepted into their family and that I'm a disgrace.  At this point I'm fed up with them because they have so much hatred to their own grandson and he's just an innocent baby. A few weeks later I give birth and no-one in my family shows up to see him. But I didn't let them affect my happiness. 

Fast forward to this year 2020, my son is 6 months old and he doesn't know who his aunts, uncles, cousins, or grandparents are. He doesn't know any family besides my husband's. Two nights ago, my mom called to meet her grandkid but I immediately said no and didn't explain why. I'm afraid they might hurt my child to begin with and they never cared for him until now. 

So AITA?&#x200B;

My husband and I have been married for 10 years. For our entire relationship, I have brought the majority of the money into the home. I contribute 75% of that. I don't mind, really. It's not something I think about and I have always considered it "our" money. Our country (Switzerland) is really expensive and I grew up not in a large city, and rather poor. When I had the chance to go to university, I studied hard, learned 3 languages, got 2 degrees, and was able to secure a good position in finance. Years later, I make a very good salary and we don't have to worry about money.

We decided that my husband would handle all of the money and finances for the home. I would check on the accounts every once in a while but, I haven't been checking regularly. A few weeks ago, I was thinking about buying a Model 3, since it has recently come to our country and I've fancied it for some time. I played with the numbers and while figuring out if I can afford it or not, I realized that there was a weird mistake in our accounts. There was 300k CHF/USD missing.

When my husband got home, I showed him the accounts and after some pushing, he admitted that he lost 200k in cryptocurrency in 2018. This is about 25% of our savings. Besides being shocked and angry, I cannot help to feel that he stole from me. He put money into something stupid without talking to me and then tried to hide it. I was thinking about this for a week and talked to my friends and family about it. They think we should see a doctor and talk about it, try to work out the problem. But I honestly just want to get divorced. If he is capable of doing this, how can I trust him ever again? AITA for not wanting to talk about it or go to therapy? AITA for thinking about divorce?

&#x200B;

Edit: To clear a few things. We always talked about where the money should go. What things to invest in, etc. I always thought he was really open about it and I trusted him... because he is my husband. I work in finance but, my husband knows just as much about personal finances as I do. After going to work every day, making more decisions about money when I came home wasn't something I wanted to do. That's why I wasn't involved but, that was a mistake. Also, he sold all of the bitcoin for a 200k loss. I don't think that was clear above. So we are not going to buy more and hope for the best like some suggested.

Edit: If he had doubled our money or "won" in some way, would I be feeling the same way? Partially. I would be angry for him not talking about this with me. This is a large sum, too large not to discuss. I would be happy because I would have more money. Who wouldn't be happy if they had more money in their home accounts? But I would have stepped in and taken control of everything because I see all of this as gambling and that's not what I would like to do with money.Throwaway account 

So, I realize I already sound like a brat. This is the most expensive present I have ever received in my life and I enjoy spin classes, but the back story is what is important here. 

About a month ago, my significant other said he had spoken with my sister and came up with some ideas for my birthday and would I like to hear them. I obviously said yes and the first thing on the list was a peloton. I have never had any interest in a peloton and as you can see by the spelling in my throwaway username, I can’t even spell it right let alone know anything about it. 

I said no thanks it’s way too expensive and I have no interest in it. I work out at work where I spin 2-4 times a week and watch YouTube spin videos. I have an hour lunch break and go to the gym then to make sure I actually get my workouts done. 

After providing that explanation, I followed up multiple times in the weeks saying “Please, do not buy me a Peloton,” “If you ordered a Peloton, please cancel the order and return it.” 

Today (the day before my birthday) I walk down into the basement, and there’s the damn Peloton. I’m immediately pissed off. Ask why when I said countless times I didn’t want one, there one is in my basement. My fiancé just stared at me blankly. He thought I would change my mind when I saw it. I maintain that I’ve told him ten+ times that I don’t want one and why would he expect me to change my mind. 

We aren’t currently speaking because he’s pissed I’m not happy with the gift. So Reddit, AITA?

UPDATE: Wow guys! I can’t believe how this has blown up. I went to bed when there were like 20-40 replies and now I haven’t even gotten a chance to read 90% of replies. I appreciate all the responses. Thank god I used a throwaway and so far no one I know has seen this or at least had the balls to call me out yet.  It took a while, but I finally got my fiancé to understand my side of things. He wanted to do something big as my first birthday engaged. He knows I’m frugal and would never ever get this for myself. I believe him when he says he genuinely thought it was a money thing when I said no. He is super apologetic and gets it. We are going to my birthday dinner soon, so all is well. As for the Peloton, it will be returned. I may try it for fun since we have 30 days to send it back. Not sure what I’ll get instead, but at least some puppy training for our dog. Thanks again everyone.So I divorced my son mom five years ago. My son is 14 years old. I remarried when my son was 12 year old. My new wife has a 10 year old step daughter. The thing is me and my son always plan one activity every month that we do on the weekends without anyone other than us. It is the only time me and my son can really talk about his life and almost about everything. After some time my daughter found out and she wanted to join in.

She started throwing a fit and started crying. My wife wanted me to take my step daughter with me. I told no and my wife was pissed. The thing is I make family plans and still take in daughter for her own activities. I do not want my previous son to feel that I do not care about him and I want him to know I still care about him and he is still a priority for me.

Edit - my daughter wants me to join in on the time me and my son have. My step daughter also chooses her own activities and does not let me plan them for her. My son likes the activities that he chooses. The custody arrangement is I get my son every weekend and I have my step daughter the week. Me and my son plan a pretty big activity like going camping once a month and my daughter chooses more simpler activities and gets me more than my son does.I(26F) am single and currently living in an apartment with my cat. Next door lives what looks like a single mother(40+-) and her son(8). I work early shifts, so I am usually home in the afternoons and would spend the rest of the day playing video games or painting.

The mother next door sometimes would drop her son by my door and ask me to look after him as she goes out, she would usually pick him up a few hours later. I am actually quite reluctant to help but consider that they may be in difficult situations I just suck it up. It’s not like I have to babysit or entertain him, just letting him play my video games for a few hours and that’s all. The son sometimes makes a mess by rummaging through my things but I could handle that by telling him off and tidy them up later. 

It was another one of the days when I let the son in and left him be. For a while everything seemed to be fine, until I realized that my cat was missing. I looked everywhere but she was nowhere to be seen. I then turned to the kid and asked if he had anything to do with it, but he was busy with his game and brushed me off impatiently. Some time later, I found my terrified cat in the FREEZER.

I confronted the kid and demanded to know why he did that? He swore to god that he had nothing to do with it at first, then changed his words and said that the cat jumped in when he took some ice for his drinks. I then ignored his protests and locked him in the bathroom for the rest of his stay till his mother came to pick him up.

Not surprisingly the mother was furious about how I treated her son. I told her that I did it for the safety of my cat because I found her precious kid trying to kill her. She argued that I could have locked up my cat instead, in which I replied that I had no obligation looking after her son in the first place. She threatened to press charges against me before storming away with her son. 

I shared this with my friends and while some said I should have rejected them a long time ago, others said I went too far. What do you think?


Edit: I need to point out that the agreement to "look after" the kid was that I only needed to allow him inside and play video games and he stays till his mother returns. I am no "babysitter" and I made it clear to the mother, in which she agreed to it and still asked for my help.


For those who wondered, kid wasn't locked up for "hours", maybe 30min~ or so, I don't really remember, was busy checking on my petrified cat. The cat is fine too.Backstory, Im 19, 6ft1 and I use tinder frequently. I also used to be really short, like up until 17 I was sub 5ft7 and got rejected because of my height more than once. Anyway, I matched with this girl Sandy on Tinder and we started talking a bit. A few messages in she asked me how tall I was, and I pretty much instantly knew where this was going. I checked her bio and sure enough, some stupid "5ft10+ only" bullshit was there. Anyway, I said 6ft1, and she seemed pleased. 

Then I asked her how tall she was, sure enough, she was only about 5ft2, to which I basically replied mocking her for going after tall guys, and I called her a "picky midget", which maybe was a bit out of line. Anyway, I started goofing on her, making a bunch of jokes about footstools, and calling her out for having those preferences. Also, she isn't the thinnest girl around, not fat or whatever, but anyway, I jokingly asked her what a fat girl was doing using numbers as dealbreakers, and she called me an asshole and unmatched.

 I feel like a bit of a dick, but those preferences are mad dumb though, and I think she kinda had it coming.I’ve been with my girlfriend for four years now.  I have a son from a previous relationship and she has two children of her own from her’s.  My son is turning 18 very shortly and will be graduating.  Her children are 12 and 14.  

Pretty much since my son was born I’ve put aside money for him in a separate bank account.  When I first started I was never able to add much to it, but I worked my ass off and made sacrifices in order to be able to put in what I could.  It now has over $40k in it.  I’ve been shooting for an even 50, but came up short.  Still I’m proud that all my hard work and sacrifices are about to pay off for him.  I’ve daydreamed about being able to do this for him too many times to count.  

My girlfriend knew about the account. There have been some hard times in our relationship where using some of the money would have made things easier, but it was always a hard line for me not to touch it.  She was never happy about it per say, but would eventually respect my decision.   Now that my son will soon be graduating however we’ve come to a point where we are unable move past.   She doesn’t want me to give the full amount to my son, she wants to split it three ways between all of the children and to give her children their thirds when they graduate. 

We are a great team usually.  It’s almost unheard of for us not to be able to work through issues and come to an agreement so this is sort of new territory for us as neither is willing to budge on this issue so far.  She’s fighting dirty too, she’s been making it out as if I don’t really love her children. At least not as much as my son.  I do love her kids.  That’s not in question, but the truth is of course I love my son more.  I feel like that shouldn’t even be that controversial of a thought.  I truly doubt she loves my son as much as her own children even if she’d never admit it. 

I honestly don’t even know if I would be able to split it up even if I chose too.  This is been something I broke my back over and gave up things for myself for for almost 18 years now.  Even thinking about splitting it up is difficult for me.  Inside there’s just a big “NO” feeling that comes up when I try to consider it. 

I also feel like it’s really shitty for my girlfriend to make this such a demand.  Putting this money aside was never easy and she had no part in that.  In fact she did pretty much the opposite putting herself into debt(which I now help pay off) and I don’t particularly feel that she should have deciding power over this money. 

Neither of us have been backing down and it won’t be too much longer until it’s time to give him the money.  previous post was here: https://reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/b5jdwq/aita_for_telling_my_girlfriend_that_were_done_if/

Well, it’s been about three weeks since my post and my breakup. And it took almost that full time to let it sink in what I’ve really done. I self wallowed for some time and attempted to guilt trip her and get my siblings to talk to her for me. What a mistake that was. She called and ripped me a new one worse than you guys did. She told me that she was thrilled we’re not together and that I’m manipulative and “disgusting.” That left me really shocked and I had to review my behavior over the time we had been together. I think over my life I always had an idea that with enough perseverance anyone’s mind can be changed. I don’t know where I got this from. I guess I thought it was a sign of being a strong person. Like taking what you want from life even when the chances are slim. It sounds stupid because it is. I reread my post just now and cringed the whole way through. Even the language I used showed that she was right and I am manipulative. She’s a human being and I didn’t treat her with respect. I played with our relationship to get her to change her mind about something very important to her. I deserve what happened. I also have realized that our views on the relationship were a little different. She had never brought up marriage or anything while it had crossed my mind almost daily because I really was so enamored. So I probably looked insane going on about having three children. It sounds so stupid to me now. Among the things she said on the phone, one was that she found my lack of respect for her body and choices appalling. I wasn’t asking her to be forgiven, but I wanted to express how much her and her son meant to me. And as most dumped people tend to do, I couldn’t even give a shit about what I was bitching about in the first place. I miss going to the park with her and her son. Those days were nice and calm and I didn’t appreciate them. I let some fictional children and my bad habits ruin something good. I have a lot of self reflecting to do, and while I’m still sad, I know now that her dumping me was really for the best. Thanks guys for being honest.

tldr: we didn’t get back together and I’m the asshole.Edit:  Had the talk, it did not go well ha ha.  I just told her our money situation wasn’t working for me anymore and we needed to figure something else out.  I told her I wanted her to starting paying for her phone, the electric, and the internet.  Combined usually around $175.   

I didn’t bring up her attitude from last night, but right away she knew what that was.  She said I was being stupid, petty, a bitch, and some other things that I can’t really remember atm.  She said she wasn’t going to pay it so I told her that if she doesn’t the next time those bills come around she can find a new place to live.   More insults before she stormed out.   I haven’t heard from her since.  So I’m enjoying some jack and cokes and feeling pretty good about things for the first time since last night.  Cheers for all the support and advice.  I appreciate it.  













Gf and I live together.   She only works part time.    I pay all the rent and bill.  I never minded it until last night. 

We went to grab some take out and I realized I left my wallet in my work pants.  I told her she’d have to get it.   Her attitude about the whole thing was so ugly.   At first she couldn’t believe it and asked me if I was serious in this almost disgusted tone.  She acted so put out by it. 

It was some fucking take out.  Under $40.  I pay EVERYTHING.  I understand she only makes a little, but that little is probably a lot with no expenses.   I know it was only one incident, but I haven’t been able to get it out of my head since.   It’s really rubbing my the wrong way.  She wouldn’t be able to pay a lot of the bills, but I feel like it’s time for her to start carrying her weight.  Just out of principal.  

I (17M) eat a good amount of food. Based on my body type and physical activity, I've been eating well over 4,000 calories a day to maintain my current weight.

My aunt got married last weekend in a venue close to my parents' house. It was originally scheduled for the morning, but problems with catering and the venue/DJ meant that they rescheduled it for that evening at the last minute.

This was problematic because I needed to attend my afternoon swim practice that day, as I had only been excused for the morning one. I ended up going to both practices, had to change into my tux right outside the weight room, and drove directly there. I only ate a protein bar during the drive, so I was thrilled to find a well-stocked buffet after the reception.

I loaded my plate, then went back for seconds. I was going to get a third round when my mom pulled me aside. She had been giving me weird looks during the meal, and told me to cut it out, and that if I was still hungry I could make something when we got home.

Now, I would have ordinarily agreed with her, but when we helped chip in for the wedding, we paid for two meals instead of one for me. I ate a good amount, but I doubt it was more than double whatever everyone else was eating.

She eventually gave in and let me get a third serving. I would have eaten more, but she put her foot down. There was still some extra food left once the meal service ended.

Once we left, my mom went on a rant about how I was "making aunt and her fiancee fund my cheat day." I told her that it was the guests paying for the catering, not them, and I wasn't depriving anyone else since I went back for more once most people were done.

I'm not sure if I violated some social norm, but I feel like I was justified. AITA, Reddit?

EDIT: I don't know if this matters, but I was mainly eating chicken and lamb, not veggies or rice/bread. There was still some leftover, though.So while waiting for school to start, my friend and I decided take up a part time job by handing out flyers.

One day we were approached by a family of tourists asking for directions to the nearest subway. In my country we don't use the term subway as a substitute for trains but associate it to the sandwich food chain. So we gave them directions to the nearest subway and continued with our job.

30 minutes later they came back to us, clearly pissed and scolded us for wasting their time by giving wrong directions, so I pulled out my phone and went to Google maps to show them that there is in fact a subway where I directed them to.

Then they looked at me and said straight to my face "are you stupid, we meant trains, you've caused us to be late, learn some better English would you" what they said, to me seems pretty racist because I'm Asian and it sounds like they're assuming that I don't know proper English despite English is the first language everyone born in my country learns first.

I tried to calm them down by saying I'm sorry and that we don't use the term subway to refer to trains here and if they need directions they could've ask the tourist information centre right opposite us in the first place.

After that the man just said "damned china people" (although I'm not even from China) and walked away.

Hearing that was the last straw and I just shouted "go back to your own country then cunts, we don't need poeple like you here"

Keep in mind that they came to ask directions from my friend and I who are both 16 and are obviously not obligated to help them and also there's a tourist information centre literally a few steps away and they blamed us.

So AITA here for insulting them back? Cause to me if I didn't retaliate I'll be in the right but doing so we're both wrongHello redditors

Me and my wife are both in our 40s and we've been married for about 15 years. I'm very passionated about sports cars and I own for the time being only a sports car. This led my wife to borrowing this car for the last 6 months whenever she needed to get somewhere. I care for the car a lot as it was both expensive and was bought as a "milestone" in life that I've worked very hard for. Well, here is the problem she damaged it about 2 months ago (minor dent) that I was able to fix for not too much money at a local shop. Now, one week ago she managed to damage it again and this time we're going to have to order this part which comes out to about 2-3k.

So I told her that she will no be allowed to drive it anymore as I neither want to pay for the repairs or want to repair the car as it will affect the value when I sell it if it has been repaired a lot etc.

So she got really upset about this and I told her that she should get her own car when she wants to go to the city to do shopping. This blew into a pretty big fight and even though I didn't budge and we kinda sorted it out I still feel like she is pissed at me. So..

Edit: To clarify: the sports car is the only car that I currently own, I used to have another car but I sold it. I've planned on getting another car for her to use as we had before in the future.

Context update:  It's not like we barely have any money to spare. She makes over $100k a year (she makes a bit more than I do). And could go and buy a car today if she wanted to. The problem is just the fact that I don't let her drive MY car which is pissing her off.

Edit 2: Saw this post blow up and thanks for all the replies. Some made me think again on how this played out and I just wanted to answer a few questions here instead of replying to every single comment on the post.

1. My wife do not use the car to get to work, she gets picked up by her driver. Yes driver. lol. (Provided by her work).
2. She only uses the car when she wants to go shopping, we live in the city so it is only used when she is shopping "heavy things".
3. We've talked several times about her getting a car which she always postpones for some reason.
4. Yes, I did "warn" her that I would not want her to be driving the car the first time she dented it.
5. I do no treat my wife as a child.
6. We have our own personal things that we own, she has a horse. The horse is HERS not mine. The car is MINE not hers. I'm not sure where all of you are from where everything in a marriage is splitted 50/50. We also own things together of course.
7. The reason I sold my "other" car is that I felt I already spent so much on this new car and I didn't want to have two cars when we do not use them for anything else but me hobby driving and her occasional shopping and some other minor things.
8. A lot of people wanna know, the car is a 2017 911 991 Turbo
9. I'm not a multimillionaire and neither is she. That is the reason for why I'm not (as some people suggests) "go out and buy her a car and get over with it". I saved up for many many years for the car. I don't have money to buy another decent car for her to use without stretching my budget very very far.
10. A lot of people asking regarding the "driver who picks her up" and it not making sense earning 100k. I'm not sure it is normal at other companies but at hers they offer this service. My wife makes well over 100k, the reason I said 100k is because it thought it would be enough to prove my point that she can afford a car. She makes somewhere around 250. I make around 175. We have a lot of expenses, 5 kids all going to go to uni at some point so we're also saving for these types of things and therefore a lot of the money we make is automatically put into these funds and only a small portion goes into "our own" saving accounts. This is where I during the course of many many years saved up for my car, also we did not earn this much our entire lives. 
11. Both the times she damaged the car it was in our parking garage, her fault. Nobody else but her and the concrete pillars involved. 

AITA for this?I'm fully prepared to be called an asshole.

My son is 23 and has cerebral palsy that is quite severe. It only affects him physically. He is very smart. I have recently setup his financials where he gets his disability sent to  him directly and got him his own place. 

His caregiver visits him daily at his new place. I did this because I wanted my son to be independent. 

He did very well for a few months but recently he has gotten into a relationship with a 58 year old man that I simply do not approve of.

It's not that I'm homophobic. But it's the fact that this man older then me has now moved in with my son. They've only known each other for three months.

And what's worse is that my son isn't gay. I had a heartfelt conversation where my son broke down and admitted he isn't gay but is scared of dying alone.

I have been heartbroken ever since and tried to setup some counseling sessions only to find out that his partner is double booking activities on those days and forcing my son to choose.

I'm not sure what this older man's deal is. He is contributing around 25% of the rent and seems to work.

Last Sunday I had them over for lunch and I couldn't control myself. I called him a predator and I thought he was disgusting. He then proceeded to take it on himself to physically push my son out the house without even asking.

My son called me after and said that what I did was wrong and I don't understand his predicament.

Every instinct in me is telling me that man is bad news. 

I'm contemplating reporting him to the authorities. But that might be going too far and my son will likely resent me.

Was I really the asshole for calling out that creep like that? 

All I want is for my son to be happy. And right now, I really don't think this situation with a man he isn't attracted to is making him happy. But he is 23 and I may have overstepped.Back in 98 and 99 i donated sperm to my cousin and his wife. He had been left sterilized by his chemotherapy treatments and he and his wife were devastated. They asked me as I was his only Male relative of the same age and I agreed. The contract stated that I was relieved of all parental and monetary duty. After his kids were born I told them that if they chose to tell them the truth I would never be a part of there lives as I was starting my own family at the time and he seemed to understand.

I haven't seen him or his kids for over 10 years now as I've gone no contact with the family for my own reasons. Today both of his kids reached out to me. They both told me that they know I'm their real dad and want me to meet with them. I respectfully declined and told them that while they are biologically mine, I'm not their dad. Since then I've been getting texts and calls from the family telling me im terrible. Both of his kids seem to be devastated for some reason and really want to meet me and are acting like I'm rejecting them.

Am I wrong here? Like, I'm not really their dad, that's my cousin. I've tried to reach out to figure out what's going on but no one will tell me.So I participated in the genius olympiad (a science comp.) and didn't win the best prize but won me a 2-way air ticket to japan for me plus 3. So I decided that those plus 3 would me my cousin and 2 of my good friends. My parents and sister are furious I didn't chose them after they offered to pay for the hotel. But I denied as I was once false accused of physical harassment of a girl when I was in high school ( the girl's cool dad took back the charges and confessed publicly that the girl was depressed and wanted attention) and no one but my friends and cousin believed me that i was innocent.  They apologized and were very sorry, but i mean you must have trust in your son and brother, and its too late for them to get my respect anymore.

AITA ?

&#x200B;

Edit:- My parents and I are good now (they love my sister way more than me). My sister is acting entitled but still doesn't annoy me. Its just I chose my friends over family cause I love them more. Thx, your replies helped a lot. I am being a bit childish. I recently went to a family trip to thailand. It was all good ten. I was just a bit surprised this time that they acted this way.So I don’t track my wife’s period but I’ve been with her long enough to get a sense of where it falls every month. She keeps them in the cabinet with the toilet paper, and I saw she only had one left. 

So when I went shopping today I picked up a package because her period is “coming up”. Figured I’d be nice. Anyway when I got home and she saw them she got upset and said it was weird that I did it on my own and kind of creepy. 

Is this something men just aren’t supposed to do? I didn’t do it with any previous girlfriends but I also didn’t live with my previous girlfriends for 8 years. AITA?[ORIGINAL](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/beaaz7/aita_for_refusing_to_apologise_to_my_sister/)

So my sister's wedding was today. I took the advice of people here and apologised to keep the peace/make things easier for my mum, but told her that my partner and I are kind of a package deal and that either both of us come or neither of us do. She stuck to her guns and said that my partner wasn't welcome, at first maintaining that it was because of his tattoos and then eventually getting emotional and yelling at me that he wasn't allowed after "what he'd done to her", which confirms my theory that it was because he rejected her years ago. I just calmly kept telling her that if she didn't want him to come then fine, but not to expect me either. 

I guess she thought I wasn't being serious, because I got a call from my mum shortly before the ceremony was due to start asking where I was. I told her I wasn't coming. I got a *lot* of rather abusive texts from my stepfather, telling me he always knew I was worthless but this was a new level, as well as some direct threats. I ignored them all, though I did text mum and apologise for causing problems but I *did* inform my sister I wouldn't be going. Culminated about an hour ago with my stepfather and now brother in law showing up drunk at my flat and trying to fight me while my sister cried outside. They got removed by building security, and honestly it was more funny than anything to me. Apparently I've ruined her wedding day, but I'm really struggling to care. Maybe that makes me now the asshole, I can accept that. 

Just thought I would share this update, since I posted about it here initially.

ETA: clarifying a couple of things that people seem confused on.

First the whole "she got rejected by my boyfriend" thing. This one is my fault, I thought I'd included the story in my original post but looking back it was actually in the comments, so apologies for any confusion there! Essentially what happened is that about 6 years ago, when he was 17 and she was 26, she propositioned him for sex (~~don't blame her he's hot as fuck~~ that was a poorly worded joke that fell flat, striking it out since some of y'all got triggered) and was told no. She's held a grudge ever since - I think, in part, because she was told no for pretty much the first time in her life and also later because he chose to get with me when he'd said he wasn't interested i her. He was fully out at the time she propositioned him and she was definitely aware he was gay. 

Second, some people are seemingly confused and thinking this whole thing was a one off incident that led to me not going to the wedding/wanting to lessen/cut contact with her. This is not the case and is again probably due to a lack of communication on my part so again, apologies. I'll clear up that we've *never* has a good relationship, and she's been pretty cruel to the point it could be considered emotionally abusive to me since I was very small. She's also been physically abusive at several points throughout my life. This is not a debate of me placing my relationship over my family but, rather, one of me finally taking up for myself after years of being a pushover and the aftermath it's caused.
To start things off, I'm not pregnant. Nor am I anywhere near close to being pregnant. However, my best friend is pregnant and I couldn't be more happy for her. As best friends do, we started discussing baby names. She asked me if I had any baby names picked out for my future children and I told her my mother had suggested a name years ago for my future daughter that I absolutely fell in love with. It's super unique and it's a name that originates from the country she was born in. My mother is no longer alive, so this is something I really wanted to do in the future so my potential daughter could have a connection to her grandmother. 
A few days ago, I saw on facebook that my best friend posted a picture of those 3D sonograms and in the post she revealed the name that she had picked for her daughter. It was the name I told her that I had picked out for my future daughter. I am absolutely devastated she would do this to me. She knows what that name meant to me and she decided to use it anyway. She says it's just a name and since she's pregnant before me she gets to use whatever name she wants. I told her she's being heartless and asked her how she can do this to someone she sees as a sister. She is not going to change her mind about this, so I want to end all communication with her since I can't even imagine calling her daughter by the name I wanted for mine. Am I the asshole for doing this?

*Just some more information: This isn't an American/English name, it's a Middle Eastern one. She isn't Middle Eastern.

Edit 2: Wow, I just finished work and I honestly didn't think this post would blow up this much. Thank you to everyone who took the time to comment, regardless of your opinion on this post. My friend hasn't reached out to me since the last time we spoke, but I'm honestly over it all and don't want to continue our friendship. If there is an update to the situation, I'll be sure to post about it.

PS- I won't be sharing the name on here or in a private message. I learned my lesson the last time.My ex girlfriend and I have a little boy, he’s 6. I have him as much as I can, 4 days a week usually. 

My ex girlfriend used to be a meat eater but since she got a new bf they’re into this vegan lifestyle which is great for her. She feeds my son vegan food at her place which is cool, however at my place I’ll feed him what I eat, which a lot of the time is veg based but has elements of meat in there. Like Brussels sprouts roasted with bacon or lard, or veggie rice fried with sausage. 

My ex gf is insisting that I should feed him vegan, however in my opinion I feel that what he eats with me is my choice. If I can make his meal vegan easily I will, if not I’ll feed him what I eat. 
 
She is not happy with that and is insisting I make a full vegan change otherwise she will send her own snacks for him. I said that’s fine but if my son wants to or prefers to eat what I’m eating I won’t ever stop him from eating non vegan.A bit of backstory, my husband’s brother (we’ll call him Tony) is the youngest in their sibling trio. Tony is 29 and got married about 3 years ago. When Tony married his wife, before my now husband and I met, my husband (Larry) did a little “prank” on Tony’s wedding night. Larry got some of that washable car window paint and wrote “just married” on the back and put balloons under a tarp in the bed of the trunk to be lifted. Larry also placed a few boxes of condoms in the truck to be funny. I’ve seen pictures of this myself, if I can find them, I will attach them in an edit. 

Flash forward to my husband and I’s wedding night, as we were returning to my husbands truck, we noticed Tony did a “prank” of his own. He covered my husbands truck in pink washable paint, put personal lubricant all over the outside and stuck feminine hygiene products all over it. He also threw condoms out of the package inside the truck, threw glitter on both the inside and the outside of the truck, and confetti. 

My husband and I were outraged, we saw this as going too far and also made my 11 year old daughter very uncomfortable. Tony didn’t see the problem and neither did the family, they all thought it was hilarious. We drove the truck back to the hotel and spent hours cleaning the inside. 

While we were cleaning, I called Tony and very calmly explained to him that he upset Larry and I and that we had to spend hours cleaning it. I also explained that the wash on the outside of the truck wasn’t going to be cheap, to which Tony said, “use the money I gave you guys for your wedding present for that then.” Which angered me more and I hung up on him. I did not cuss at him nor did I yell. 

After we spent nearly $50 cleaning the exterior of the truck, I got a very nasty call from Tony in which he called me a b*tch, couldn’t take a joke, and worst of all, felt bad for my daughter that i had an uptight woman like me as her mother. I didn’t say anything back, I just hung up. 

The next day, I wake up to texts from his family saying that I was too harsh on Tony, that Tony drove 7hrs for our wedding, and he was just “getting Larry back” for what happened at his wedding. Larry told me that he actually deleted texts that Tony sent me over night because he was “embarrassed by what his brother said.” 

I refuse to talk to Tony and so does my husband until we get an apology for what he did and said. I apologized to Tony for perhaps being too harsh, which I admit, wasn’t a genuine apology. But, I expected an apology back. Instead I got more “poor me” from Tony. Larry &amp;amp; Tony’s parents texted me saying I need to “stop creating drama” and step back and think about how this makes Tony feel. But, I think my ignoring Tony is valid as what he said before was very hurtful. 

I’ve been called an asshole by Tony himself. And i’m wondering if there’s something here that I’m missing

AITA?


**UPDATE: Brother-in-law posted to Facebook with a totally false story**

[and here’s what he posted](https://m.imgur.com/a/t6qGLj8) 

So, I thought there were two photos according to my mother posted on Facebook but it’s just this one. That only shows the front of the truck before the vaseline/pink paint/rest of the sanitary products were added. Brother-in-law posted that “I [Tony] welcomed OP to the family with open arms and she cussed me out then insulted me!”

Yeah, *I’m sorry, what?* I did **not** cuss him out nor did I insult him as my young daughter was around. He also added, “OP should get over herself as it wasn’t even that bad.” Yeah, good job cherry picking what you wanted everyone to see. Only his wife, their sister, and their father saw the actual final product with us when we did. Everyone else in the family, this is all their seeing and they now have the perspective that I cussed out *poor Tony*. 

I asked Larry what the deleted messages said and Larry told me the gist of it was, “OP and her daughter will never really be apart of this family.” And Larry said thats the less insulting way to put it. 

I’m sorry if this seems rude but I am very upset as Tony just threw more gasoline at an already ignited flame. Larry said that he’s going to take care of it from here and that if I get involved more, Tony is just going to make more lies up. 

Anyway, I appreciate everyone’s replies! A lot were very helpful, Larry and I are definitely going to apply some of the advice given. I’m still refusing to speak to Tony until he apologizes to what he said about myself and my daughter including embarrassing her when a condom fell on her in the truck. Hopefully things work out soon! I don’t want to start off my entrance to this family badly, either. Thanks again!

Edit: You can see one of the condoms in the truck actually and some of the streamers and glitter. It might not be high-res, sorry. There is two tampons and a pad visible in the photo.

Edit 2: I’m sorry, I did not take any photos of the final product of the truck, I should’ve. I was still pretty fuming from everything else though, I didnt really think of it. I’m going to ask Larry if he has any screenshots of the texts.I'm a 25M Chinese American - I have familial roots in HK (thus I look Asian) but grew up in the US. Also of note is that I recently finished a masters degree in Germany, speak adequate German, and am back in my US hometown for two weeks.

So, I'm in line at Starbucks when a white guy gets in line behind me, gets my attention and asks me something in Mandarin with a smile. Which I don't understand. When I stare at him blankly he repeats himself, then asks me in English if I spoke Mandarin. It felt like a bad pick-up attempt.

Besides being morning-grumpy, I've heard stories from female friends of mine of getting approached with Ni Hao or Konichiwa just because they were Asian, the majority of which were crude pick-up lines. And personally I take poorly to the assumption of someone's ethnicity and culture when in the US; English should be the only one assumed IMO. So in that moment I not-so-politely responded in German "Ich spreche kein Chinesisch. Sprichst du Deutsch, da du weiß aussiehst?" (I don't speak Chinese. Do you speak German, because you look white?) I'm assuming he didn't understand any of that, but he muttered "sorry" and I turned back around and ordered my drink - in English.

I didn't think much of it until now, and while all I did was mirror his own actions (assume his mother tongue) I'm wondering if this was crossing the line. Thoughts?This happened about 30 minutes ago. 

I was driving home with a friend. We were coming up to a roundabout that was clear from my side. As I was passing over, a woman came speeding past from the left, causing me to have to slow down substantially in the middle of the roundabout. 

She was on her phone, holding it by her head with her elbow resting on the open window, speaking into it. I blasted my horn at her, a slight bit of road rage sure, but this startled her and caused her to drop her phone out the car window. 

I don’t know what happened after that, but it’s a busy roundabout so I doubt she was able to retrieve it before it was smashed into a million pieces. The person I was driving with blasted me, saying I shouldn’t have done that and I was an asshole for causing the destruction of what was presumably an expensive phone. I disagree, play stupid games win stupid prizes and all that. But, my friend is insistent that I was an asshole. 

AITA?

EDIT: women to woman.

EDIT: okay holy shit this blew up. I can’t read through all the comments, so I’ll just try clear up a couple things. 

1) This is in England, we give way to the right and not the left. The roundabout was a 2 lane on a busy street, no pedestrian access. 

2) For those saying obviously NTA, karma whoring etc - I get it. If I could lock this post now I would. However, there’s been quite a few ESH’s and YTA’s with good points, and I’m now thinking whilst NTA feels good, and there is a sense of instant karma, ESH is probably more appropriate. I shouldn’t have blazed my horn, it wasn’t really an emergency, and in doing so I could’ve caused a worse accident.

Some people don’t seem to understand how roundabouts in England work. To try clear things up, I’ve drawn the worlds worst diagram. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/1gFO5Ap

Probably the last update. I’ve seen a lot of people saying “she”, I’m a guy, just to clear that up. Also seen a lot of people ripping me for using “whilst”, I had no idea this was so bad, can someone tell me why?Throwaway account cause several friends know my main account.

&#x200B;

I (F27) have been friends with a guy; Steve since I was 12. There is a group of us - and key point is that I am the only girl. I don't really know 'why' I'm the girl of the group; but I am. Outside of my recent ex; Tom, of 3 years, I have never once liked or been liked by any of these guys. I am not a "pretty" girl, and I describe my taste in clothes as 'meh'. I'm not fashion savvy or makeup savvy, etc. Let me say this again - Steve and I have never touched beyond hugging. The most intimate we've gotten was probably him carrying me home when I broke my foot once.

&#x200B;

About 4 months ago, Tom and I broke up, and at the same time Steve began dating this girl Abby. Abby is beautiful and knows all the things that I wish I knew about being a woman. So, upon meeting her, I was warm, friendly and was even asking for fashion advice when I met her. I wanted to be her friend. Abby was quiet, and not as warm, but I put that down to shyness.

&#x200B;

Last night Steve, Abby, Tom, myself and a few others went out for dinner and drinks. I continued being friendly to Abby, while not really having a response to that. I went to the bathroom and when I came out of the stall Abby was standing there waiting for me.

&#x200B;

I'll cut a giant argument short, but Abby accused me of breaking up with Tom to get with Steve and told me that she will do whatever she has to do to get rid of me, stating that it was "super weird" that I was the only girl friends with a group of guys, insinuating that I'd slept with all of them, but then also implying that I should have left the group when Tom and I broke up. My response to this was to tell Abby to 'know' her place and that I had been around for much longer than her, and that if anyone was going to be "gotten rid of" it'd be her because we had been through the jealous girlfriend situation before and Steve had chosen me, and would never seriously consider a girl that hated his best friend.

&#x200B;

Abby went out and told Steve I attacked her - who didn't believe a word and broke up with her on the spot. Since then, I've gotten messages from Abby's friends on social media to tell me what a whore, bitch, slut, I am and that Steve and I were fucking the whole time. One girl even sent these messages to my family to 'warn' me about what kind of 'slut' I am. My own brother says he feels that I've caused this drama myself by

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Extra info as required:

Holy shit - didn't expect this to blow up the way it did. And I did not expect gold at all - so thanks? 

&#x200B;

Unfortunately I did mean 27 in the post - I failed to mention that Abby is actually 22; but I do highly accept that I could have handled the situation much better; I am NOT a confrontational person. I grew up in an abusive home (in particular from my step-mother and step-sister) and my general response to conflict is tears (which I hate) or just bolting and ghosting a situation. I think being ambushed is why I lost my cool. 

&#x200B;

I read a lot of comments about how this came off as "not like other girls". I don't know how to not make it do so. I'm simply not "good" at being friends with other girls. I'm shy, awkward, I stumble over my words; and because I \*want\* to be friends with them, it comes off as desperate and overdone. I do have girl acquaintances but it never goes beyond the occasional coffee time. 

&#x200B;

Boundaries - I'm not a touchy-feely person outside of if I'm actually in a relationship or seeking a relationship with someone. Again - childhood abuse. Once we got out of high school and stopped seeing each other as frequently - we do a quick side hug goodbye. 3 of the other guys have girlfriends who all seem to enjoy my company when we are together. 

&#x200B;

Somebody mentioned that I'm obviously into my friends if I got with Tom. Tom and I kissed as a joke once, sensed the chemistry and things went from there. We all thought it was going to be forever - but Tom got some bad health news and put "us" on hold until/unless it ends positively. He doesn't want to put me through that. 

&#x200B;

The long version of the argument began with Abby asking why I was wearing such an inappropriate outfit for someone who'd just broken up with someone (jeans, boots and a shirt); I stared at her in shock and said "what the fuck - what's going on?" and then she straight away started with the accusations. 

&#x200B;

As a last note - the previous girlfriend of Steve's happened when we were about 16; and when that happened, I stepped back completely and began distancing myself from everyone. It was about 2 weeks before Tom of all people got it out of me and he went to Steve and told him. I offered to leave the friendship and not make their lives a burden or whatever the words I said were, and they all said "No, she's in the wrong" and that any girlfriend who couldn't/wouldn't understand I was a friend/sister was not the girl they wanted to spend time with. This was repeated to me this morning when I showed the messages I was getting from Abby and her friends. I was apologising profusely (and for my part in the argument - telling her to 'know her place' which was such bad wording on my part - I know) and was told by Steve "well she obviously wasn't wife material then". being friends with these guys for so long and that I should have stuck with girls instead, or ended the friendships once we all started dating in high school. He also feels that I'm leading on any man I'm with by having male friends who they then have to question constantly if I have or am sleeping with. So - AITA?I am a 35 years old guy, and I was lucky enough to marry my crush (27F) two years ago. We met at work, where she was a receptionist for the big building my company is in. Anyways, she has two daughters, 6 and 7 years old.

When I married my wife, I was a bit iffy at the idea of being a dad so fast and so suddenly to two kids that aren’t mine, but I love my wife so much I am willing to sacrifice my man-time and a portion of my salary to take care of the kids.

To be honest, I’ve had my ups and downs with them (you know, kids) and sometimes I think I’d be happier going back to my “lone wolf” life. But I fully know that this is my life now and I try my best to suck it up and do what I signed up for.

Back to the story: I know the kids dad had died only from my wife’s words and I’ve never had reason to doubt that.

It has been two or three months since she started convincing me that I should adopt them as a birthday gift for both of them (their birthday happens in two consecutive days, coincidence). I’d be fine with that, it’s just paper for what I would do anyways.

I agreed to that and she said she’d get on with the documents. Well fantastic! I thought. I like not having to do anything. What really got me suspicious is how she changed her behaviour with her phone and laptop. She started putting the phone face down, and she created a totally different user for her laptop she switches to when she’s with me.

I thought she was cheating so I did what every scumbag like me would do, I spied on her. Long story short, I come to know by a very reliable source that…. her ex-husband isn’t paying alimony anymore as he is in jail with no money to his account. The world crushed on me. First I thought the guy was dead, now I discover he is alive, paying alimony to my wife’s bank account while I was financially providing too.

I confronted my wife and she didn’t deny any of it. She started crying and she was adamant that she did that only for the kids’ well being. She was putting the alimony money he ex was giving her into an account for when the kids will be 18 yo (I have no proof of that). She also said that it was a while since she felt I should adopt them, as they love me and they look up to me. She was firm about stating that nothing happened with her ex husband while she was with me. She said that her ex is "dead" for her by all means. She admitted that she lied, but for good purposes - as she was scared that a guy like me would be scared by her reckless past. That's not who she is anymore, as she is focused on family and on us.

Now, I need to find out more about her ex-husband that’s for sure. I am also furious with my wife for not trusting me enough to come clean about her past. Meanwhile, will I be an asshole if I refuse to adopt the kids (they have a dad and he’s ALIVE!) and if I state that I will retract from them all the financial support in case I decide to get a divorce?

Edit: it's child support not alimony, sorry english is not my first language.This sounds really bad but please hear me out. 

My wife is pregnant with our daughter. I'm really excited and happy for us. But my wife is convinced that  I'm cheating on her. She gets these weird dreams where I cheat on her. She wakes me up in the middle of the night to ask me if I still love her. I was really fine with that. I thought the harmones were messing with her.

But this quickly escalated. She asked me to install a tracking app which I did for her sake. But I get really pissed when she calls me after checking my location to bring her something. For example if I'm near a store, she'll ask me to bring her something from that store. 

I'm really fed up with all this drama. WIBTA if I just told her that she's the most insecure person I've ever met?

Edit: I'm not going to tell her this. But as some of the comments mentioned, I'll just delete the app.Not my story, but my brother's, and I'm really unsure where I stand on it.

My little brother, is doing an internship with a large corporation. He organized an internal food drive, in which the floor that donates the most wins free pizza for lunch on a Friday. 

At the conclusion of the food drive, my brother called the pizza place on a Monday and asked about the logistics of ordering 35 pizzas, on a Friday, during lunch hour. They said it wouldn't be a problem, and to place the order Wednesday morning. 

He calls back Wednesday, and speaks with the same manager. The manager tells him they can no longer do the order, as it's too big of an order to do during their Friday lunch rush. He recommends my brother try the middle of the following week, and they agree on the following Tuesday.

Monday rolls around and my brother places the order, and uses the corporate credit card to pay over the phone. The manager then tells him they cannot have 35 pizzas ready at 12:30, but can have 18 ready at noon, and another 17 ready at 12:45. My brother tells him that would work. When asked what to put on the line for a tip amount, my brother responds $0.

Noon on Tuesday, my brother shows up at the pizza place, picks up the first 18 pizzas, and delivers them to the winning office floor lunch room. Then, he returns to the store to pick up the remaining 17 pizzas. 

While waiting for the second round of pizzas at the store, the following exchange occurs:

Manager: "Are you going to leave a tip?"

Brother: "No."

Manager: "Usually with large orders like this you are required to leave a tip"

Brother: "You aren't delivering or serving these pizzas. When we talked on the phone yesterday you did not mention a mandatory tip".

Manager: "It's corporate policy that orders this large require a 15% gratuity". 

Brother: "That isn't what we agreed to on the phone yesterday. I'm not leaving a tip".

Manager: "Well then you aren't getting the rest of your pizzas". 

At this point, my brother and the manager begin arguing, escalating to the point of my brother's coworker pulling him to the side and recommending a small tip (5%). My brother relents. He tells the manager he will leave a tip, but he wants to choose the amount. He hands the manager his card, who runs it and hands him back a new receipt for the order, with a 15% gratuity assessed ($125 instead of $40).

My brother then gets into a yelling match with the manager, and is escorted out of the restaurant by his coworker. 

Is my brother the asshole?My wife and I have been married for 12 years, and the nephew in question is my brother's oldest son, who I'll call Michael for this post. Michael is 16 and the oldest of my brother's two boys. 

Michael was a baby when my wife and I got together, and she has always treated him and my brother's other son like family, just the same as she treats her own siblings' kids. My wife has a significant inheritance and we both earn generous wages, and it was her idea to open college savings accounts for Michael and his brother when they were babies. This is likely to be the only family money for college they'll receive.

Anyway, the story: last weekend, my brother and the boys came over for dinner and we all had a nice time, though the youngest one was on his Switch the whole time and Michael was on his phone. I didn't think anything of it until the following Tuesday, when I found my wife sobbing after work and she showed me an Instagram post made by Michael, who apparently is too stupid to realize we BOTH follow him (as do his grandparents). 

He posted a picture of my wife from behind and a picture he apparently took of her underwear laid out on our bed, both mocking her size (she is overweight) and calling her a 'big bitch' among other things. My wife was devastated and humiliated and hurt, because she's always had a good relationship with him.

I'm furious and want to cancel his college savings account right now, taxes be damned. My wife says she'd be too embarrassed to do this since she's an adult and shouldn't be so hurt by a child, and just wants to pretend it didn't happen. I already told his dad and let his dad deal with it at home, but I'm still furious and want to cancel the account Monday.

WIBTA if I did this? Is it too much? He won't have any family money for school if I do but that isn't my problem if he comes into my home and violates my wife's privacy and disrespects her like that.

EDIT: I am overwhelmed by the number of kind and thoughtful responses I received and can't reply to all of them, but I really appreciate everyone taking the time. I didn't expect the thread to blow up like this so to say it gives me a lot to think about is an understatement. I have some thinking to do and will update in a few days when I've cooled down a bit.So this goes back almost a month now to May 19th but my wife and mom are still so furious with me that my wife may divorce me and my mom may take her side over it. I need some honest feedback to help me go forward. 

I'm a huge WWE fan and I pretty much get all the PPV. Money in the Bank, there was a ton I wanted to see but it also culminates several story lines into a ladder match that I really wanted to see. It was may 19th and I made it very clear I wanted to watch the event. On May 9th my wife announced that shed been invited to a coworkers wedding and I had to go with her (by a crazy coincidence that we didn't know until we got there, the grooms mom is my moms good friend). I assumed the wedding woukd be on Saturday so I agreed. Well Saturday the 18th came and went and it wasn't until the 19th when my wife was pissed I wasn't getting ready that I was like oh shit, I can't go because of rhe PPV. She got so mad at me so I relented and went. 

It was one of those events where there I didn't know a single person besides my wife and my mom and rhe groom was sort of a dick. So after he sort of blew me off when I tried to congratulate him I was like fuck this and I got out my phone, parked myself in the corner and bought the PPV. My wife and now mom kept trying to get me away and be social and finally I got pissed and told them both to leave me the fuck alone. 

Things honest to god haven't been the same since. She says I looked like such and asshole with my phone in my face in a semi-dark room while everyone else was having fun and dancing. My mom says her friends all noticed me and commented that I must have been autistic or retarded so she's massively embarrased. 

To me I had plans, I did my part to attend and when I didn't know anyone I made the best of a bad situation to do what I wanted anyways.

Was I the asshole?


edit: 

to address the common repeats:

1. No I don't do network, my wife would come unglued if I have 24/7 access to something she hates so much. I still do PPV even though its more expensive. 

2. Invitation was only 10 days in advance because the bride claims she just "forgot" to send our invitation and only realized at the last minute when "we" hadn't RSVP'd. That's the bride and my wife's story, believe it if you do or don't. 

3. Yes it was a crazy coincidence my mom was at the wedding. But since we got a late invite and I don't speak with my mom all that often I would have no way of knowing in advance. The bride is my wife's coworker, the groom's mom is my mom' friend from some charity they work on together. I'd never met any of them. 

Any thing else I can clear up without having to answer over and over?Link to original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c7jfwy/aita_for_not_wanting_to_participate_in_my_nieces/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app

Hey everyone! This is the daughter writing the update. My mom didn’t know how to do an update post and asked me to write it for her. We’re both here to respond to comments if you have any.

I saw that a few people asked what my aunt’s opinion was after the verdict was given on this post! Here is the answer to that question: My aunt said that she had told my cousin from the beginning that excluding me was going to hurt my feelings and suggested to her that I be a bridesmaid instead of my mother. My cousin turned down this suggestion but would not say why. 

I also saw some people wondering if something had gone down between my cousin and me that I wasn’t telling my mom. This is definitely valid question! The answer is no, she and I haven’t had any problems prior to this (that I know of, at least). She has always been like a sister to me. If she ever had a problem with me or anything I’ve done I would hope she would tell me.

Another question I saw was about my relationship with my father. He and I have a very tense relationship due largely to some mental heath problems that he has. Prior to all of this I had confided in my cousin a lot about this. This made her decision to include him over me hurtful in a very poignant way.

After reading all of your comments and some more deliberation, my mom ended up staying in the wedding party. I appreciate her desire to stand up for me but I really did want my cousin’s wedding to go smoothly (despite my feelings being very hurt). My mom respected my wishes. She is an amazing mom all around and I am lucky to have her in my corner. 

After the conversation I had with my cousin (described in the last post) I was on the fence about attending the wedding. I then heard from other relatives that she was concerned that I would “sabotage the wedding” if I were to attend. I found this comment to be bizarre and confusing. At this point I decided that it would be best to remove myself from the situation entirely. I told her that I wouldn’t be attending and left it at that. It was a hard decision to make, but your reactions to the original post made me feel more confident in my choice.

The wedding did end up going smoothly. I heard from multiple sources that there was plenty of extra room in the bridal suite. I wish I could have been there with my family to support her on her big day. She and I have both been part of each other’s major life milestones for as long as I can remember. I still haven’t figured out why I was the only one excluded but I have come to the conclusion that she and I must not be as close as I had always thought we were. At this point I’m not sure that I want to be. Your feedback on the original post played a large part in me realizing that.

Thanks to everyone for reading and for all of your responses! We got great insight from everyone who commented (especially those with different perspectives from our own). If you guys have any more questions feel free to comment!My father was never present in my life even after various attempts I made to have a real relationship with him. The little time I spent with him as child he was very abusive (it took me longer than most to lose my baby fat and he'd always make snark comments about it; he'd also compare me to evey other child he knew and I'd always not be as good as them). 

When I was ten my mother was diagnosed with schizophrenia and depression. Things got really tough, we had to move in with my grandma who became responsible for the both of us. Money was always tight (mental ilness treatment is very expeny in my country). My grandma tried to contact my father to ask for  help with me because it was really tough for me to see my mother in the state she was in. He always said he couldn't take me in or help with extra money because he had a new family that need his attention. After a while he moved to the other side of the country and didn't talk to me for years. 

Eventually things got better, the meds started to work and now you couldn't even tell my mother has any kind of mental ilness. However, money was still short for us, especially after my mom got pregnant again even after the doctors said that was impossible (abortion is not a option in my country). 

After I finished HS I had no hopes of ever going to college because we couldn't afford, but my mom still made me take my country's equivalent of the SAT. Somehow I got a 50% scholarship for one of the best schools in the country. The problema was, even with the scholarship, we still couldn't afford and I couldn't work to pay for it because the school was in the next town and I'd spend literally every time off in traffic (we also don't have college dorms here).

At this point my dad was back in town, so I decided to give it a try and contacted him to see if he could help. He wasn't rich, but he had money and was alwaysdoings stuff with his family so I figured he would have at least a little to help me. 

But all he said was: "can't help you,,you know that. Just find a job". And after that he never tried to contact me again.

Right after that my mom received a very high restitution form the state and literally gave it all to me. I went to college, graduated, got a amazing job and now I paying for my sister's college.

Last month my mom made a FB post saying how much she was grateful to have me as her daughter because I was helping with my sister education and then out of the blue my dad decided to contact me and ask for me to help with his other daughter college too. I said I couldn't because I was already paying for my sister's and I was saving to buy a apartment. I also said that maybe she should get a job. I felt really great, but then them he started to say I was being a vindictive a-hole. He made a FB post about it and now a lot of people are agreeing with him to the point where I'm reconsidering it.

EDIT: 

Wow, this really blew up. I decided to make this edit because it would take me forever to respond every individual message. 

First, I want to thank you for how nice all were. Also, really thank you for whoever sent the wards, you didn't need, this is just a troaway account. 

Second, I decided I wont be making a FB post to respond to him. A lot of you said I should post my side of the sorry, but tbh I don't think people will care. The ones that are on his side knows he was never present and knows my mom was sick, they just think I should help because we're "family" and nothing will really change their mind. 

Thirdly, I decided to help his kids. I know I have no obligation to them, I know that maybe he's lying about his money problems, but it's just hard for me to see a person I'm technically related to in a situation I struggled so much with. But I won't be given them money per say. A very good friend of mine works teaching for a college in my city, it's far from the best school, but they offer a lot of scholarships and they are cheaper than most. He said he could get up to 25%. As I said, it's really not the best school, but it's still better than nothing if you're in need. They could try getting a loan for the other 75% or something.For context, my wife and I have always been extremely competitive. It's an important part of our relationship, and she has gotten pissed at me in the past when she perceives I have thrown a game intentionally to spare her the sadness of losing. 

Tonight as we were playing Scrabble, I had the option to play the word "miscarry" to win the game. From what I could tell, there were no other words I could've played that would have resulted in me winning.

Sadly, a few months she had a miscarriage. It is still a sensitive topic. I chose to play the word, and she was super upset and hurt since I had the option to play the word. She is currently not speaking to me cause I failed to immediately apologize. 

I think in the context of our relationship, she is overreacting. AITA here??

Edit 1: I have apologized profusely, and did so pretty quickly after (just not AS I was playing the tiles). Regardless, looks like the consensus is pretty clear.. thankfully she's a very forgiving woman.The secrecy started early. I am a gay woman. At 15 when I came out, my mom simply disagreed. She told me I wasn't gay. She said I was jealous. That these girls looked better than me and I was jealous of them, not attracted to them. She genuinely thinks it's impossible for me to be gay and never took it seriously. It got to a point where I didn't tell her if I met anyone.

Skip to when I met my wife. When I'd finally let my mom know about her(we had been together two years now) the convo went like this:

Me: we want to get married.
Her, extremely disdainful: oh you do? Well let me tell you something, throwawaygayallday, you're going to want a man. Your car breaks down, you're screwed. You need heavy stuff moved? Screwed. Two women can't make love. You're going to want a man in bed with you.

I hung up on her, I was so fucking mad. I married my wife without telling my parents.

I never told my mom we wanted a child and never told her of his birth. When I visited for Christmas, I went alone. I'm not sure when I planned to tell her or how. I just hadn't gotten around to doing it. Serious procrastination and dread.

My wife and I live a few hours from my parents. They've never visited(they don't know my address) and when we spend time together, I go to them. They do pass through on the way to visit other family though. They had stopped at our Wal-Mart to get last-minute items and that's when they saw us.

I was there getting stuff for dinner and had my son in the cart seat. We were going down an aisle when I heard "Hey kiddo!" from behind. I recognized my mom's voice and turned to face her, ready to do introductions. But damn man, the instant she saw my son, she gave him the dirtiest fucking look and said "Whose kid?"

Me, now pissed: Mine
Her: what do you mean he's yours?
Me: I mean he's mine
Her: he can't be yours
Me: ever heard of IVF?
Her: So you went and spent god knows how much money to have a kid with your girlfriend
Me: Wife
Her: And when were you going to tell me about all this?
Me: I don't know, I don't want to talk about it in the middle of the store

I walked away and checked out, her following, still talking shit.

I put my son and food in the car and left. My mom called later. I tried to talk to her. I apologized for the secrecy, said she gets condescending when we talk about these things. She denied this. She then went on about how I didn't invite her to the wedding, that she'll never get that moment back and see me get married(which I do feel bad about).

She eventually asked when I would bring my son over. I said never. I said I wasn't going to bring him there when she's so negative toward us. I said she doesn't respect me or my family so she doesn't deserve to know my family. Hung up on her and haven't answered her calls or texts. She has apologized for speaking to me the way she has but I don't care at this point. I'm too fucking mad. AITA for not inviting her to the wedding and not allowing her to see my son? Is "never" too harsh?Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/aoadwq/aita_for_not_wanting_my_fiancee_to_dance_to_a/

Two months ago, I married the love of my life. I was thinking about this thread the other day, how it went, and where my head was at when I made it, and I thought you guys might like an update.

A little anticlimactically, the thing I was stressing about was a bit of a miscommunication, which probably happens a lot here. Kayla wanted to dance with her late fiance's (I'll go ahead and just call him Luke from now on) father at our wedding, and Vanilla Twilight was an example of a song along the lines of what she wanted, not the set-in-stone top choice like I had thought. I (and a lot of commenters in the original thread) spent a lot of time over-analyzing the lyrics to that song looking for hidden meaning in every word, while it turns out she hadn't put much more thought into the suggestion than "This is a kind of sad song that I like."

We got together that night and she had made several playlists of possible first dance songs for us, songs for when she walks down the aisle, music to play at the reception, and song choices for her dance with Luke's father. We spent hours listening to them all and talking about the wedding. We even made a tournament-style bracket for our first dance song in her journal and put songs head to head against each other until the victor emerged. And at the end, we talked about the wedding and our relationship, Luke and their relationship, and grief, what it was like when she lost him and what it was like for me when I lost my mom at a young age, what a family is, and all the things we're hopeful for for the future. We stayed up until three in the morning just talking and planning and laughing and crying a little, and I'm so glad for it. After getting bombarded by dozens of different opinions from dozens of different people earlier that day, I had been worried that I was going to have a conflict with my fiancee shortly before our wedding. But there was no conflict, just a pure memory.

After that night, I starting putting in more effort to be involved with the wedding planning process and actually ask for the things I wanted, which Kayla actually really appreciated. We also took a long weekend a couple of weeks before the wedding to go on a camping trip together for just the two of us, which I highly recommend to anyone who is getting married. Overall, there was a complete flip in my feelings leading up to the wedding from being somewhat insecure and excited but nervous to being completely at ease, excited, and feeling stronger about my relationship than ever.

The wedding day itself was really wonderful and worth the wait. Kayla and Luke's father had their dance to Lean On Me, and I also had a dance with Kayla's mom and it was very emotional in a good way. I really felt that the day was a celebration of our love, and I was genuinely happy that Luke's parents were there to celebrate along with us because they are very much members of our family and I wish I had the space to describe all the ways they've been there for us through the years.

My amazing wife is who she is because of all the experiences that she has had in her life, and I don't want to be the kind of man who asks her to pretend that she has never loved before me or pretend that her grief is something that is or should be done with forever now that she has me. I just want to say how glad I am that we shared that night together and that the wedding was nothing but love and celebration. I never thought I could be so happy.I have 2 kids, different dads. I have a savings account for both. The account of my oldest, Lucy, has had £10 per week added to it by both myself and her father, and has gone up by about a grand a year and is over £13,000. The second account is for my son, Luke, who is 6. I have regularly added to this account since I found out I was pregnant, and have about 3.5k in the account.

His father, my fiance, had a separate account for Luke and has told me he was doing the £10 a week since we started the accounts. I recently found out the account he has for Luke only has a couple hundred in it. My fiance earns less than me but more than my Ex. If my Ex can afford £10 a week routinely, when he has nearly identical spending habits to me and my fiance but lives alone and therefore pays for rent/bills in full, and my fiance earns more than my Ex, there is no reason my fiance should not have been able to make the £10 payments each week (I earn the most of all 3 of us, followed by my fiance, followed by Ex). My fiance said he "forgot" and asked me to redistribute the contents of Lucy's fund to make up for the money missing from Luke's. I said fuck no.

Luke's account is around 3k less than it should be. We have a wedding fund that contains a little over 2k of mine and my fiance's combined money. We don't want a huge wedding but we do want a really nice honeymoon where we can just go away for a week and not worry about money while we're there or returning.

My fiance says that he doesn't have the money to replace the 3k Luke is missing all at once. I have said that I want to take the wedding fund as it currently stands and deposit the lot into the savings account I control that is meant for Luke. I would not be doing this if my fiance had not 1) lied for around 7 years about saving for our son, 2) claimed he did not have the money to replace it, 3) suggested I take money from my daughter, saved up with help from my Ex, to fix my fiance's mistake. I also said that I want him to set up a direct deposit of £10 to the account that only I control each week. I will not budge on any of this as we agreed years ago now that this was a good idea and that it was important to invest in our son's future, and he has lied to me for 7 years now about making that investment.

AITA?

&#x200B;

For people asking why this is so urgent to me: It's not the end of the world if the full amount isn't in Luke's account any time soon, as the plan was always to give each kid the total in the account when they were 18/moving out, but my fiance says he can't afford to repay the money in bulk or multiple installments and if he keeps on not paying, then when Lucy is 18 she'll have 19-20 grand, and when Luke is 18 he'll get closer to 10k from just me. While I don't doubt he'd be grateful for whatever he gets, he'd get half of what Lucy will if my fiance doesn't make up the difference.

&#x200B;

Update:

I asked him again why he didn't have the money. He said he just didn't. I asked him to bring up his bank statement, or payslip, or anything that shows how much money he has (bearing in mind he was last paid on the 28th and today is the 30th). He refused. I told him that if we were combining finances in any way I should be able to see where his money is going. He responded that I wasn't showing him my financial information, so I pulled up my banking app so he could see my own balance and transaction history. He then showed me his last statement, which his bank emailed him today. We had a fight and he's staying in a hotel tonight, which it turns out he can more than afford. He has nearly 60k in his personal current account and savings accounts, presumably meant solely for himself.

I cannot see us getting married after this. Not ever. It's not just the trust issue, but also that he, knowing he had nearly 60k in savings, decided that it was okay to try and guilt trip me into taking money meant for my daughter to fix it for him.My husband and I are having a baby. I'm mixed race, half black and half white. My husband is black. 

We don't know the gender yet but my husband prefers names that most people would call black names for boys. Names like Trayvon, DeVonte, Marquis, etc. 

I grew up with a name that is tied to black culture and hated it for most of my life. I go by a shortened form of my name professionally (i.e Dee for Denaisha) because I have seen how people react to my government name. I am sure I have been passed up for jobs because of how people perceive my name. 

My husband has a name more commonly used for white boys (i.e Jake). He wants a strong black name for our son because he never had that and believes that giving him a "white" name to avoid racism isn't helping anyone. I don't disagree but don't want to use our son as a test dummy to change that. 

This has become a battle. I know that we both need to agree on a baby name but AITA for writing off all black names?My wife and I are both Chinese and have 3 kids together.

My kids have always looked mixed (white + Asian) and it’s only become more apparent as they’ve grown up. Their skin is much fairer, they have freckles (no one in our families does), there is a brown tinge to their hair. Two of my kids have brown eyes, but the youngest clearly has a mix of brown and green (I know mix isn’t the right word, but it’s not solid brown like 99% of Asian). They also have white looking facial features... Especially their eyes and nose.

Honestly once you see it you can’t unsee it and it’s driving me crazy. I want to get a paternity test done behind my wife’s back on the youngest (that looks the most mixed) just for piece of mind.

WIBTA? My wife has done nothing to make me suspect her of being unfaithful. It’s just such a strong resemblance to “mixed” kids that I’ve seen.My wife and I bought a house a couple of years ago. It's decent-sized yard and we even have a couple of chickens (this is Los Angeles). We have three boys - 6yo twins and a 9yo. They are kids. They are loud. Not screaming loud. They love playing in the yard and playing at the park literally across the street. My next door neighbors complain all the time about the noise level in the yard and at the park. They are this boomer retired couple with kids my age (mid-30's). Actually most of the neighborhood is like that because so few people especially with kids can afford a house in that area so it's a bunch of retired boomer snitches with Ring and security cameras at their front porch (no, NOTHING ever happens here) and they designated my neighbor as the block cop. The funny thing is that the kids are hardly home. They're in school most of the day and have sporting practices/games on the weekend.

I tried to reason with them, but they feel that because they lived in their house for 40 years that we have to follow their rules as their next door neighbors and keep quiet. I have no sympathy for them. These are the people who bought their sizable home for $40,000 in the 80s and if adjusted for inflation, it's like buying the same house for $125K. But it's a house in LA so it's more like a million. My wife and I make good money, but our mortgage is astronomical. We are working much harder than our neighbors ever did.

Yesterday, our neighbor came to our door and asked complained, again, about our kids being loud. Not too loud. Just loud. At the park. Per the other neighbors who lived across the street from said park. Then he lectured me about my "logic" of moving to a quiet area with loud kids. If that wasn't bad enough, he suggested that my wife and I look at homes by the ocean because "you don't have neighbors to the west of you." Houses by the ocean are like millions of dollars lol. I asked him how I would do that and he said that wasn't his problem. So I told him that he should move out of their house and move to the ocean where he won't have neighbors. I caught some flack for being rude to an older person, but I don't think I was.I’m a woodworker on the side, I made my best friend a wooden American flag because he said he would love one. Only charged him cost of materials and shipping cost around $20. He then asked me to make another flag for a gift for his mom. I still gave it to him for cheap because growing up I was close with his family, but now he asked me to make the same flags for 5 other people in his family and one coworker. Keep in mind I sell these size flags for $150 and he assumed this time it would still be $20 each flag. I promptly told him I can’t do that cost anymore, it was only really a deal for him because he is my best friend and I agreed to it the second time bc it was for his mom but now these are for people I don’t even no. Told him I’m sorry but it’s not gonna happen. He responded “oh, ok...” and it’s been weird ever since, really short. Should I have just done it and not risk ruining our friendship?

Update: followed some advice on here and let him know I’m not upset but broke down what all goes into it. Said there aren’t any hard feelings but just wanted him to know why I said what I said. I’ll update with his response.

Update #2: He did give an apology of sorts. Said he thought that getting my flags out to different people would help more people see my products which could lead to more revenue. I told him I appreciate that but I currently stay busy enough without it and that I wouldn’t mind giving him 50% off only bc we’re boys but this would be the last time. He said he didn’t mean for it to come across the way it did. Idk I still feel like it isn’t resolved, we’re going out for beers this weekend. Going to get him to understand my side of things.

Final update: He sent me a random message last night profusely apologizing. Apparently he was talking to his wife and she tore into him and was upset he would do that haha he just sent a PayPal payment for 5 flags at full price. Glad it all worked out, I’m going to make him something customized as a thank you for the business. Thank you all for the advice. ✌🏻When we got married, my wife and I made a deal that she gets to name our male children while I get to name the females. Our first child is a girl and I named her. Our second child is a boy, so my wife should be the one to name him. However, when she told me that she wanted to name our son Lannister after her favorite Game of Thrones family, I put my foot down.

I'd have no problem if she wanted to name our dog Lannister, but this is our son. I asked her if she really wanted him to be named after a family of villains, but she just reminded me of our deal. She said she liked the Lannisters and it was her turn to name our child, so he would be named Lannister. We've had this conversation countless times and she refuses to budge.

The birth will be a C-section and I'm seriously considering filling in the paper work myself while she's still out. I know this might sound unfair to my wife given our deal, but wouldn't it be more unfair to my son if he was named after a family of power grabbing incestuous wine guzzling villains?

Edit: She does not want a middle name. She wants his name to be just Lannister Ourlastname.

Edit 2: The Lannister motto is 'Hear me roar'. The line 'A Lannister always pays his debts' is just a common saying.

Edit 3: No, our daughter's name is not Daenerys. It's Margaery.

I kid, it's Margaret.

Edit 4: To those who are saying they have to know if my son will be named Lannister. He is due to be born in September. I will try to post an update then.This is extremely difficult to talk about with anyone I actually know, and is a secret from a lot of friends and family members.  Posting on an alt in the hope that people here can give me an honest answer. 

My husband of 10 years had an affair that lasted approximately 6 months. He cut it off when I found out, we went to couple’s counseling, etc. Turns out the woman was pregnant though and intent on keeping the baby. I understood that if she gave birth, my husband would have to do his part in supporting that child (at the very least, financially).  

Tragically though, the baby was stillborn. I wasn’t looking forward to this baby coming but I didn’t wish for this either. My husband’s former mistress has sent details about the funeral. I don’t think he should attend. He never got to meet this child and wasn’t even there at the hospital when everything happened. If this was a child he knew at all, of course my opinion would be different. But as of now, I don’t feel comfortable with him going. He (bizarrely) said maybe I should go with him. That’s a no. I obviously am not going to attend this funeral and make the woman and her whole family uncomfortable. Despite my disdain for her, I am not going to disrupt her mourning. 

There are a few people in the family that are aware of the situation. My husband’s sister, my MIL, and my mother. His sister thinks he should go to the funeral. My mother says if he goes I should divorce him.  MIL refuses to comment on the situation at all. 

So I’m at a loss, really. Am I in the wrong, given the circumstances?I’ve asked my friends, and they are genuinely divided, so I thought to ask Reddit. I (31F) am childfree, and I work with Chloe (40?F). We’ve become good friends over the past year or so, and we hang out most weekends. We are both into knitting and wine, and we are both really chill.

Ideal friendship, right? Well, she has a 15 y/o son (Braden), who is really unclean. He stinks like rotting meat and BO, and he also has this awful metallic odor that makes me gag. I know it’s not a neglect issue, because Chloe’s younger daughter (11F) has never stunk. Lately, I haven’t even wanted to go over to Chloe’s, and I don’t want to invite her to my house in case she brings her son. 

Lady week was the last straw. We decided to go to the craft store together, and Braden wanted to come. I drove them there, and my upholstery stank for a good three days after. The next day at work, Chloe asked if I wanted to come over for dinner, and I had to tell her no. She really pushed me for a reason, and I told her her son smells like ass and I basically can’t be around him until he works on his cleanliness. She sent me a text later (pasted here): “Hi yall-need-weed, the things you said about Braden were really uncalled for and I don’t want you to talk about my kids in a bad way. I am a good mom. Don’t talk to me until you apologize.”

AITA? Should I apologize?

Edit for more info: yes, I did unfortunately phrase it that way. We both cuss a lot, but I definitely could’ve been gentler. 

No, I won’t be calling the authorities on Chloe. Their house is clean, he has access to washer/ dryer/ shower, this kid just inexplicably reeks.

Yes, Braden comes with his mom to my house a lot. He doesn’t really have friends or out of school activities, and he likes some of the gaming systems I have.

Edit 2: no, I’m not one of those childfree people who hates kids. I’m mainly childfree because I like the freedom, and I’ve never really had a maternal instinct. 

Also, “Lady week” was a typo - I meant “last week”. Fat fingers ftw!The title probably gives 90% of the information, but I'll provide a bit more context.

I, along with my brother, just graduated from university. My first cousin once removed (aged 18) is just about to start university after the summer. My cousin, the child's mother, just posted a long, congratulatory post on Facebook (she just had her offer bumped up to an unconditional place). In this post, she went on and on about how Child will be the first in the whole wider family to go to university. She listed off how her and her husband's parents, aunts and uncles (including my dad, the cousin's uncle) and all their kids haven't been able to attend university, and how her child will start a new generation of university attendees.

I don't know whether she was playing dumb or had just had a brain fart, but she knows that both myself and my brother just graduated from university. I would have given her the benefit of the doubt for just meaning the 'adults' in the family hadn't been into further study (my dad was born 10 years after his next youngest siblings, which is why I have cousins 20ish years older than me, and a 17 year old first cousin once removed), but since she name-checked and tagged us in with everyone else, it felt like it was deliberate.

I replied congratulating my second cousin, phrasing a second part of the comment as 'So great to see another [surname] starting their next stage in life, just after [brother] and I graduate from our universities!', to politely remind her that her bold claims were false. A little while later I got a message from my aunt, my cousin's mother, asking me to remove the comment since Cousin was embarrassed and felt like I was trying to one-up her (even though that's exactly what the tone of her post was).

I haven't yet removed the comment, but woke up feeling pretty asshole-ish, and probably will remove the comment later on. Just how much am I in the wrong?

EDIT: Thanks for the advice everyone, we've had to pander to my cousin before over things, so I need to learn to stand up for myself. Also I know I messed up in correctly labelling who everyone is, the person going to university soon is my first cousin once removed, and her mum is my cousin. I also got a pronoun wrong at some point too, MY brother and I were the people who graduated a few weeks ago. Finally, to everyone saying my profile picture should be me in my gown, it already was!!

2nd EDIT: I know I got the proper name for my first cousin once removed wrong!! I didn't want to change it in the post since I've seen so many times about how changing posts automatically means you're a liar and karma-seeker, but every PM saying 'just so you know...' is slowly breaking my soul! Again, apologies, family tree labels are my Achille's heel apparently!*edit/info for clarification: I didn’t cancel the vacation and won’t. It just makes me want to not see her. 

I  think it’s disturbing that my sister-in-law, who has a long-distance, limited relationship with our children, had their names tattooed on her arm. She did not ask us how we felt, just posted a picture on social media once it was done.
She has no children of her own, but is still in her child-bearing years. She is not a close beloved aunt of my children- they see her once a year and talk to her briefly on holidays. They never talk about her or ask about her between those times. They like her well enough, but she likes to lecture them and attempt to parent them, so a little of her goes a long way. 

She is going to expect us to all oooh and ahh about this tattoo. I have nothing nice to say. I am not flattered, I feel violated. I feel like it glorifies tattoos (something neither I or their father have, though this isn’t about tattoos in general-it’s about tattoos of my kids’ names. To each their own on tattoos). More importantly, it glorifies her relationship with our kids. She barely knows them, and doesn’t spend time with them when we do visit. On our last visit, she sent our kids to McDonalds with her friend and didn’t join them. She later used a photo the friend took of my sons eating, and posted it as if she HAD been there. It’s crazy. Instead of the cost of a tattoo (this tattoo is huge BTW), how about a plane ticket to visit the children you claim to love so much? She talks about my children taking care of her when she’s in a nursing home... why would they? They will be busy with their own families, and taking care of their parents!

I was so mad when I saw the tattoo that I told my husband I wanted to cancel our upcoming vacation to see her (and their grandparents). I have been taking my anger out on him, which is probably unfair but I feel his lack of communication with them leads to this kind of crazy. AITA because I think tattooing my kids’ names on her body is weird? Am I supposed to feel flattered? I feel like if anyone is going to tattoo my kids’ names on their body is should be me or my husband!Today my boyfriend and 4yo daughter went to get a haircut together. My boyfriend has beautiful curls that I adore and he lets it grow pretty long. It never gets length it gets more and more curly. This time, he let it grow out way more than he normally has and became a bit self conscious about it, so he wanted to get it cut. My daughter has been wanting to get hers cut, so we decided it would be a good idea to get them done together.

Bf went first and he decided to get it cut really short. We weren't able to see his forehead before and now we can, just to kind of give you a visual idea. When my daughter saw it she giggled and said "You look silly!"

We were in the waiting area with two older men who were reading the newspaper when she said this and I told her it wasn't polite or nice to laugh at people for getting a haircut or looking different. I told her she wouldn't like it if she were laughed at and she said, "oh yeah, oopsie," then turned to him and said, "I'm sorry (bf's name) I just think you look silly with no curly curls. I'm sorry for laughing."

I thought it was fine until he got up a few minutes later and said "way too fucking rude, I'm going outside." I asked him what? but he just went outside, and I looked over at the two men and one of them just shrugged and went back to his paper while the other looked like he didn't move at all. He then comes back and says "outside. now." where he told me he wanted me to cancel her haircut, take her home and punish her by taking her Nintendo 2DS away for the rest of the day and making her go to sleep early. I told him no, because she already apologized and I didn't want to miss her haircut since we were already waiting forever. He ended up leaving us when I went back inside.

I wasn't able to find a ride home and he wouldn't answer my calls. We live about a 20 minute walk away (5 minute car ride) so we had to walk home through melting ice and snow while climbing snowbanks to avoid being on the highway due to the sidewalks being blocked by snow and ice. I'm 4 months pregnant and I have been having bad lower body/lady parts pressure that escalates into pain when I'm up and about too much, so the climbing really hurt. He knows this because he has taken me to my doctor about it. He had my apartment keys so we weren't able to get inside right away and when we did get inside the building, I found my apartment unlocked with all of his stuff (tv, console, clothes) gone and my keys hanging on the wall. Our socks and shoes were soaked and I kind of hobbled to my bedroom and laid down with my heating pad. He eventually answered me and said it was my punishment for not punishing my daughter. Am I the asshole?

Tldr: daughter laughed at boyfriend's haircut and he got offended. Wanted me to give her what I think of as an over-punishment and left us to walk home when I didn't agree.My father died right before new years. He passed away from natural causes while incarcerated and serving a life sentence. His next parole hearing was in less than a year but he suffered from lung cancer (smoker) and he also had a hip injury last october which at 70 can lead to complications.

My father was a provider to a family of three kids, my mother never had to work. He paid for my sisters wedding. He paid for my brothers braces and dental work all out of pocket. At home I would say that he was kind to us 70% of the time.

However, my father was also a semi famous in our local area (in the late 80's and early 90's) as a murderer. He has now paid his due to society.

My sister (the one who got her wedding paid for) refused to attend his funeral, even though both me and my elderly mother asked. She says that our father was just a monster and that she doesnt want to participate in it. 

I feel very angry about this. I realize she is an adult but I also feel like she is being childish and over dramatic and extremely hurtful to not just me but my elderly mother who has lost the will to live.

I want to tell her to give back the money the monster paid for your wedding since you think that. AITA.My boyfriend and I were together for 9 months. He was my 3rd boyfriend (I'm 26 F) and the only guy I have ever had sex with. Basically I grew up in a very repressive culture and family where premarital sex was big taboo especially for girls. It took me a long time to get over that.


He knows all this. We were friends for 2 years and then dated for 6 months before we had sex and I told him about all my issues. He was the first guy I trusted enough to sleep with him. 


We were using condoms and bc pills and I really don't know what happened. I already felt so guilty because I felt I must have screwed up somehow. We had already discussed previously how neither of us wanted kids right now.


I went to talk to him before booking an abortion and the first thing he said was he wants a paternity test because 2 bc methods shouldn't have failed. I was so hurt that he could trust me so little after all the trust I put in him and that he thought I was the kind of person to cheat. Also I kind of started to believe what my mom always said that all guys think that girls who have premarital sex are just easy sluts. 


So I told him since he didn't think it was his kid that meant his opinion on how to go forward was irrelevant. I broke up with him right then, even though he started saying that's not what he meant and he just wanted to be sure and then talk aboutwhat to do. I left, blocked him on all social media, got the abortion and never had any contact with him again. We have a lot of mutual friends and they have taken sides. Some think even if he did imply I cheated on him, since the baby was his, he should have had some say.I met my boyfriend 4 years ago when we were both working for the same company in Japan. He is Australian, I am Italian. I've been living in Australia for the last 1.5 years. I am here on a partner visa.

I am currently 3 months pregnant and I thought we were both happy. However, I only just found out that he's been having an affair with a coworker for the last 6 months. At first he denied it but I had proof so he changed to begging me for forgiveness and that we could work it out and all this bullshit. But I don't want to. I'm done. I don't want to be with a cheater. I broke up with him and already moved into an Airbnb. I'm planning on going back to Italy because I have nothing here apart from my pos ex. I let him know today. He flipped out and told me I can't do that. He said I'd be kidnapping our child and that I'm not allowed to leave. But I've made up my mind. I already talked to my parents and I can live with them until I have figured everything out. I'll likely get my old high paying job back so I'm not worried. 

However, all of my ex's friends have been texting and calling me all day saying I'm a pos for stealing his baby and that they will take legal action. I don't think they can and I wouldn't be allowed to stay anyway since I'm on a partner visa and this partnership doesn't exist anymore. 

AITA for going home?


Update:

Unfortunately the mods wouldn't let me post an update post but I'm hoping that some of you still find this if you are interested.

Many of you wanted an update so here it goes. 

I left Australia the day after my first post and I'm in Italy now. I'm staying with my family. Thanks to the good connections my friends have I got a good job at the very company I worked for before I moved to Japan. 

At first I thought I'd keep the baby but after a lot of thinking I decided I would abort it. It had to happen rather quickly as I was running out of time so I had the abortion today in Switzerland. I'm doing okay. This morning I sent a text to my ex letting him know about the procedure and when I checked my phone after it was done it was full of missed calls, texts dripping with abuse and threats that he would come to Italy to stop me. So yeah I made the right decision. Nothing ties me to this man anymore. I feel weirdly free but numb at the same time. But I'm determined to start over. 

Lastly, I would like to thank everyone who sent me encouraging messages or even offered their help. I do really appreciate this so much. I hope you understand that I didn't message you back but I was so busy getting out. I will forever remember the internet strangers who were willing to help me out. 
To the people who called me a whore and said the world would be better off if I got hit by a bus, I forgive you.Some back story. I'm white, my best friend since middle school is a black dude named Rob. I'm not a white guy who says "I have lots of black friends" because I don't, but Rob and I have been thick as thieves since we went to Jr nationals for wrestling. I literally love the guy like a brother.

We are in second semester of freshman year at our state university. Since we both hope to apply to professional grad schools, we've been searching around for community service groups in order to make contacts, get experience and maybe even help the community. We both volunteered for a veterans service organization where we go around and make sure that elderly veterans have thier basic services covered and aren't living in a dirty house. So far it's been kind of a waste of time because everyone we check has thier shit together and seem to resent us as busy bodies. Whatever, the leader of this group thinks she's saving the world and Rob and I are gong to stick it out to spring break and then find something else.

So the group had this dinner on Wednesday night at a restaurant and we went because, why not free food. I have no idea what Robs deal was but I looked across the table and Rob was cutting and eating his hamburger with a knife and fork. I about died laughing because it looked so ridiculous and I had no idea what he was doing and I've eaten meals with him thousands of times and I've never seen him do such a thing. It was hysterically funny.

So I looked at him and I said "hey Rob are you eating your burger with a fork because you don't like black people touching your food?"  Rob literally laughed so hard that he coughed up the piece in had in his mouth. We say stuff like this to each other all the time. 

But the reaction from everyone else was the most ridiculous "clutch the pearls" shocked white people reaction you've ever seen. I may as well have shot Rob in the face. I was scolded by the head of of the volunteer group in person, while literally every other person present came over to Rob to make sure he was "OK."  I knew I fucked up but as we were leaving we got a huge laugh about it and Rob told me that some of the cuter volunteer chicks might actually feel sorry for him enough to have sex with him. I thought it was over and done with.

Well yesterday director lady sent out a group email talking about the "horrors of racism" and how words have power and how racism must be ripped out by its roots wherever we see it and at the end she said "u/Monsterof will be apologizing to the entire group at Friday's meeting." Not apologizing to Rob who my joke was directed towards...but apparently to the group of angry white peoples who were sleepless over the mean words (not directed at them) I said to my best friend ok the planet.

Again, Rob and I got a big laugh but I'm really pissed she said I WOULD be apologizing when I hadn't even been consulted yet. I think I should just quit and leave her hanging. Rob wants me to get up there and make a mockery of her apology but I don't even want to do that. 

Not necessarily looking for advice because I have until 3 when the meeting starts, but am looking for am I the asshole or not?


Edit: well group meeting came and went. They didn't want to allow Rob into the meeting to hear the apology lest he have to hear the offending words again or some such absolute horseshit, Rob's a pretty chill dude but I think that really bothered him. We didn't make a huge scene like I guess we could of, we both basically said "no thank you" and we'll take our services elsewhere. Rob says hello...
For Christmas this year my grandma gave me a few hundred dollars. I was thinking about buying a Nintendo switch and some game for it.

My mom and stepdad said if I bought it I would have to share it with my siblings. 

Now a few months ago my families Wii (was actually a birthday gift of mine) died. Before it died I hardly got to play the thing because my siblings were always playing on it. We tried working out a schedule, but because we all had extracurriculars after school and with homework I basically only got to play it an hour or two a week. 

I didn’t want to spend my Christmas present on something I would never get to use, so I talked to my mom about getting a newer phone instead.

She said it was fine and took me to go get it. I guess my siblings still thought I was getting a switch because when I got home they asked if we could all play it right away when they saw the Best Buy bag.

Now my siblings are all upset because I didn’t get it and they were really looking forward to it since they haven’t gotten to play games in awhile. My brother asked to play some games on my phone instead, but I said no because I didn’t feel comfortable with that.

Edit. Because loads have people have asked. My siblings are 8 and 11. I am 16.

They also didn’t get any money from my grandma because they’re not related to her. As in my dad (her son) was not their dad in any way.So I was recently having lunch with a friend and we had decided to try a restaurant that neither of us had been to.  We had reserved a table but when we arrived, the waitress took us to a 4 person table. I told her that we only had made a reservation for 2 people, she said that this was the only table that they had available for us. 

The table was a small rectangular table, with 2 chairs on each of the longer sides, with one of the shorter sides against a wall. We sat facing one another, leaving an empty chair next to us on either side. 

Anyway, about half way into our meal, the waitress comes up to us with 2 other people behind her and asks us if we wouldn’t mind sharing our table with these 2 other people. 

At first I was a bit taken aback, and really felt obliged to say ‘yes’ because she was standing there with these 2 other customers. But my thinking was that we had made a reservation, we hadn’t been told that this table would require us to share, we were already into our meals and no effort was made to discreetly inform us of this request or explain the situation. So I said (as politely as possible) that we were in the middle of our meal and would prefer not to share the table. I know this was taking a stand, but my view was that she had made no effort to be fair to us in this situation so why should I bend over backwards and ruin our meal by sharing a small 4 person table with 2 other strangers.

The waitress looked at me as if I had been incredibly rude and then proceeded to apologise to the other 2 people right in front of me saying something like: ‘I’m so sorry but unfortunately they are unwilling to share their table we will have to find another place for you. I’m so sorry for the inconvenience’  (this was despite the fact that they had clearly heard me and were a little uncomfortable with the situation themselves). 

After this whole debacle, we were treated quite poorly by the waitress (she didn’t top up the water, took a long time getting the cheque etc).

Afterwards my friend told me that I should have just agreed to share the table and shouldn’t have been so un-accommodating. But the way I see it, we should not have been put in this position by the waitress. If they had a policy of sharing tables (regardless of whether or not someone has made a reservation), then we should have been warned before we sat down.

Am I the asshole for pushing back on the waitress’ request and refusing to share our table?

TLDR
We had a reservation for 2 people at a restaurant, but were sat at a small 4 person table when we arrived. Half way through our meal, a waitress interrupted our meal (with 2 other customers)  and asked us if we could share our table - without any explanation as to why we were being asked. I politely said that we were half way through our meal and would prefer not to share. This was not taken well by the waitress and we were treated rather coldly after this encounter.

EDIT: spelling We are at a Beef o' Brady's and the family next to us has 2 aged 5 to 7 children. I have 2 children myself 8 and 11. They are on games and YouTube but they are blasting it. My BF says I should just "stay in my lane" eat our food and go. I have no intention of being rude to them just asking if they would kind turning the phones down a bit.

Update: So I turned to them politely and related having small kiddos needing to be occupied and asked if the volume could just be a bit lower and Dad actually made them get off them and have dinner together. Now they're talking about their pee-wee football and it's adorable. Thanks Reddit! BF was irked with me initially but that's died down now also.My wife has gained some weight over the last year, and keeps beating herself up over it. She’s always sadly talking about her sizes and calling herself too big. She lost her excitement with shopping and a few months ago I guess I made a step to change that.

She’s always asking me to get things for her while she’s in the dressing room, new sizes etc. She told me to get a pair of jean shorts for her in a size 6 (this size is too small for her now by a lot. She’s kind of in denial about this and always asks for a size 6 and then gets very upset when it won’t fit at all. She’s more of a size 10 or 12 now. )

I don’t know... I got a bigger size and changed the sticker on the jeans so it said size 6. When it fit she was so happy and kept showing me and saying she’s so proud. She said she must have lost weight but doesn’t know what she did. She bought them feeling very confident with herself. When we got home, I cut the tag off the shorts. 

I didn’t mean to but a few times after that I did it again. I guess it was part wanting to see my wife happy and part not knowing how to deal with the same meltdown happening every time. She looks really beautiful even if she gained some weight. I kept doing this and only recently did she realize that the tags on her clothes are missing. She asked me about it and I said I didn’t know, maybe the store doesn’t use them, but she googled the store and proved they did. 

I had to come clean and now she’s furious. She keeps saying I’m an asshole and treating her like an idiot, lied to her, stuff like that. My heart is broken too. We haven’t spoken in days.

AITA?

EDIT: I can’t believe this became so big and I feel way too overwhelmed. Hard for me not to delete the post because some people are being very cruel to me and sometimes also to my wife. Insulting her doesn’t make me feel better and I don’t know I feel like I understand the mistake I made but not everything I’m seeing here helped me get there. Since this became so big I’ll try to update what happens.ONE MORE EDIT: wow this got big. So we’ve been doing a lot of research over night (obviously I haven’t slept well) and found how non invasive the procedure could be, and the results come back in a week or so. We’re gonna go to the girls parents with this information and try to explain why it’s important for all of us to know. Thank you all for your input, I’ll try and post an update when I know more. Also, as a side note, I wouldn’t consider myself overly controlling or a “helicopter parent”. As I said, my son knows about safe sex, knows sex is normal, and has even asked my husband for condoms in the past, as we told him he should do whenever he needed to. The constant supervision we kept them under only applies to what happens IN OUR HOUSE, and I don’t think that’s an outlandish rule. Just because we’re sex positive doesn’t mean we’re celebratory or encouraging of it. 

It’s almost comical that this of all things would be what made me get a reddit account, even more comical that I’m turning to the internet for input, but I just wanna put it out there that I’m set in my thinking. I just wanna know if I’m an asshole for it. 

My 15 year old son came to my husband and I last week, telling us that his girlfriend is 7 months pregnant. As someone who became a mother very young, i am devastated and so deeply disappointed. They’ve been together for about a year, but we always thought it was a kids thing, nothing harmless. Regardless, when under our watch, we kept them under CONSTANT supervision, so this was all a shock. We know the girls parents and believed we were all on the same page about our kids. 

Turns out we were wrong. When we called them, they spun some bullshit about how their daughter had already told us, basically placing the blame on their child for us not knowing she’s been pregnant for SEVEN months. On top of this, they’ve only known for about a month or two meaning she’s had basically no prenatal care. 

We were trying to figure out what our next steps should be, so I called my older brother. Not wanting him to keep a secret from his family, I told him I’d individually call his wife and two daughters to tell them myself. When I called the youngest one, 16, who is close to my son, her first reaction was “I wonder if it’s even his.”

Upon hearing this, I immediately questioned my son, who then informed me of their very... colorful relationship. She’s apparently a serial cheater, even though I didn’t even think that was a factor in a 15yo’s relationship. I’ve never felt like such a bad mother listening to all that was going on in my sons life that I didn’t know about, knowing he’s never trusted me enough 

After this I contacted the parents of his girlfriend, and as gently as I could, informed them that we wanted a paternity test done. They FLIPPED, they were pissed about what I was accusing their daughter of, and saying the trauma of even bringing that up to her is too much for a heavily pregnant child. While I might agree, this is my child’s life that’s gonna be deeply impacted too. 

So my husband and I decided we’re gonna keep trying to get a paternity test done no matter what it takes. AITA for demanding this? Am I being unreasonable? As bad of a parent as I feel like I am right now for letting this happen, I feel I’m no where near as bad as the girls parents...

EDIT: just to clarify, weve gone over this with my son and he’s on board and understands why a paternity test is important.

ANOTHER EDIT: We have DEFINITELY discussed safe sex with our son, as I said I was a very young mother and it was important to me to make sure they’re educated. I in no way blame the girl, I just want to protect my son.Title kinda sounds fucked up but hear me out lol

I recently was on an international flight and I always try to snag the window seat so I can sleep. A woman was seated next to me and asked if I could give up my seat since it turned out that her 6 year old was apparently seated in the row across. I tried to be nice about it and said, "Sorry, but I specifically chose this seat and I don't really want to give it up, I've been traveling for hours."

The woman's response was, "Well so have we! Imagine traveling with an overtired kindergartener who now won't be able to sleep since she can't sit by her mom!" She made me look like an asshole in front of the other people on the flight, and I felt bad since it was a little kid. I agree that it probably sucks to be traveling with a little kid, but AITA for not giving up my seat?

EDIT:

1. I was seated in the window seat, the woman was in the middle seat next to me, and another passenger was in the aisle seat next to her. 6 year old kid was across in the next row over in the aisle seat. Since the mother and the kid were only one seat away from each other, it wasn't so much an issue of not being seated next to each other, but more that the mom wanted her kid to have the window seat so she could sleep
2. This wasn't an issue of separation and the kid being scared. Her mom was ONE seat away. This was an issue of wanting the seat for her kid just so she could sleep
3. For those asking duration of the flight: 6 hours
4. For those asking "Why didn't she ask the other person in the aisle seat?" Because she specifically wanted the window seat for her childSo 11 years ago on my son's 9th birthday, we got him a puppy (Toby). He had begged and pleaded and made all kinds of promises for years, and we finally caved in. It his birthday gift, but we made it very clear that although the puppy was his birthday gift, the dog was our family dog, not specifically his dog. My wife has always been of the belief that pets are family members and not possessions, and she made sure our son knew this from the get go.

Although my son has always loved this dog with all his heart, after the first 5 years my son got busy with high school and work and since then it has always been my wife and I, and occasionally our other daughter who have taken care of this dog. I personally have fed, trained and walked this dog almost every single day for 6 years. We've all grown incredibly attached to him.

Our son moved out a year ago on his 19th birthday to go to college, and had to spend the first year on campus. He has since saved up and moved into his own apartment. He now wants to take Toby with him, arguing that Toby has always been his, as he was his birthday present and slept in his room until a year ago. His new apartment is spacious and he is financially secure with decent savings as he has a well paying part time job .

However, him being able to afford the dog isn't my concern. My wife, daughter and I feel that Toby is part of our family. We've all treated him as our own, and have looked after him as our own. I've covered food, thousands in vet bills, training and housing costs till now, even after my son got a part time job in high school and could afford to. Other than spending 6 years being the main person who looks after Toby, in the year since my son left for college, Toby has spent almost every single second we've been home by either my wife's side or mine. I feel like sending Toby away would be like sending away a family member. Toby is also getting old, he has been rushed to the vet multiple times in the last year and my son lives across state lines. Toby already suffers from separation anxiety and this would be a big change for him that I don't want him to be going through. He'd not just be going to a new environment, he'd be going from a house where there's always someone home to a house where my son would be away 9-5. At best, my son would hire a sitter for those hours.

So I put my foot down and said no way.

My son cried and was absolutely furious with me, he has threatened to cut us all off and has also threatened to steal Toby away secretly and said we were depriving him of time with his childhood dog in his last years. This is such a mess. AITA Reddit?

edit: I should probably mention..I'm not depriving my son of the dog. Before this drama, he was visiting us one or two times every month, and he's welcome to visit as often as he can. This is his home too.

edit 2: Just adding some requested info: We would not have gotten Toby at that point in time if not for how badly my son wanted a a dog. Although my wife and I love dogs, we ideally wanted to wait a few years as we were struggling really badly financially. Our son's birthday came around, and he cried and begged and pleaded almost every single day. So we gave him a choice, either he could have a normal present, or we could get a family dog. My wife and I scraped together every last cent we had to be able to afford the shelter fees, vaccinations, food, pet insurance, bowls, leash etc. I suppose it wasn't a present so much as it was a dog in lieu of a present. We're in a much, much better place now, but we honestly couldn't have afforded another present on his birthday after that. Any extra dollars we had went straight into an emergency fund for emergency vet bills that were bound to crop up (and did). I guess we could have skimped on some dog expenses in order to buy our son a gameboy or something, but like I said, a dog is a family member to us. If we were going to get a dog, we had to make sure it was taken care of.

 edit 3:  I'm going to stop commenting on this thread now but I'll read each and every single comment, I promise. Thank you everyone for your opinions, even the ones I didn't agree with, and for all the wonderful people who gave me tips on talking to my son. I love my kid, and want this to end on a happy note for all of us, especially our silly good boy. So I'll do my best in communicating with him and hope he'll understand that the health of the dog comes first. I'll also try my best in talking to him about how he's doing, and see if I can support him better. Perhaps he's lashing out due to other problems I'm unaware about.

I said the following in another comment, but just wanted to leave it here: I asked to know if I was TA for keeping Toby, and so I fully accept being told I'm the asshole for keeping the dog at home. However being told I'm an asshole for not splurging on a second gift or a separate gift just for him at that time is really frustrating.

Our emergency dog vet bill fund was being regularly depleted every second month that year, to pay for food or for insurance or rent or well, emergency vet bills. The dog has always been taken care of and our kids have always been well fed, but I'm not exaggerating when I say 10$ was enough to send us into the red. Could I have gotten him a couple of toys from the dollar store just so he'd have his own gift? Yes. But it honestly wouldn't have made him happy anyway. I know what my kid liked/likes. That year the only other thing he really wanted was a handheld Nintendo and we got it for him for Christmas.

It was during the recession and there were times I wondered if I should freeze my portion of dinner in case I couldn't put food on the table next month. My wife and I spent all our time at work or thinking about work praying we wouldn't get laid off yet again. The last thing we need is to be made to feel guilty for not buying him another present, we did what we could. Give me a break.

Edit 4: Goddamnit stop dming me to tell me I'm a bad dad. Just vote me an asshole like everyone else ffsbrand new account and throwaway for you guys. 

So Tuesday of last week I made my now ex-boyfriend dinner. He's a paleo junkie and I really wanted to impress him so I skipped class to slice fennel with a razor blade in order to garnish the strip steak I made for him. Yeah I really, really (really) loved him. I decided it would be easier to cook the steak in his kitchen so I went over to his place early (I have a code and open invite). I walked in to find half eaten Dominoes pizza on the counter (remember I sliced fennel with a razor blade because he's so "dedicated" to paleo) and noises coming from the bedroom. 

I walked in and he was absolutely plowing a good looking girl with a spectacular body. Fuck me for not eating pizza to impress him. I stood there in shock. She saw me over his shoulder first and started tapping furiously for him to get off. He turned around and hit me with the oh so classic "this isn't what it looks like!" 

I was speechless and had no idea what to do but I saw her clothes hanging over his desk chair. Because apparently I'm a petty b!tch, the only thing I could think was I wanted her to have leave his apartment without pants. I don't know, it made sense at the time. 

He came after me begging me not to overreact, I didn't say a word and took off to my car. In the days since he's gone from begging me to "be reasonable," to begging me not to break up with him and promising he'll never do it again.

The thing is, I love these jeans. Yes as a trophy of me being petty and at least ruining something of hers like she had he tag teamed to ruin my heart and self esteem. But they are also a super expensive brand, they look really good on me and I like wearing them. 

So EX has gone from begging me to get back together with him to saying that me keeping the jeans is causing him "real problems." I don't give a slight shit about his problems but I sort of feel bad about keeping this girl's clothes. 

So I'm asking...I know I'm petty...but am I an asshole?

Edit: the plot thickens, I just woke up to following text:

"hi, Alyssa. This is the weirdest text I've ever written. I'm Madison and I was the girl in Aiden's room last week. I'm so, so, so sorry, I don't know how to say it other than that. The look on your face will haunt me for the rest of my life. Please believe me when I say I didn't know he had a girlfriend. I would have never been there had I known. You have every reason not to care, but this last year has been so hard for me, my dad died of pancreatic cancer in December and I'm struggling so hard and find myself making bad choice after bad choice which I how came to be in Aiden's room. The pants you have are the ones I bought the day before my dad died, he gave me "permission" to go treat myself and it's the last time I ever heard him call me by his pet name as in "pumpkin, please don't be afraid to get you want, buy your jeans." It would mean the world to me if you returned them to me. I know you've been hurt and I feel for you and I think Aiden is pure scum, all I want from him is getting my pants back. Please find it in your heart to return them to him or contact me directly. Thank you so much, Madison."

So I guess I have to give them back...I'm in tears here.

Edit 2: just woke Aiden up at 5:45 (on Org Chem test day too...fuck him) with "what's Madison's last name?" He tried to give me the "who's Madison?" at first but then told him she texted me. He tried to talk me out of it but then relented so he could go back to sleep. So I looked her up on Facebook and it's pretty bare but she does have a "instamodel" sister who has all sorts of sad posts with like her holding her dads hand while has IV and then a somewhat touching insta memorial to her dad...so I'm thinking the text is not a lie.

Edit3: I just texted back and forth with her, we’re meeting at Starbucks at 9.


Edit4: (Wednesday evening—had tried to do a new post but mods suggested I just edit the op...so this is a cut and paste. Hope it makes sense I’m just starting on my second bottle of skinny girl so hope this makes sense) So wow, that first post got a ton of heat and I'm so thankful, really for the chance to get some input but also because a lot of you are very, very funny and I appreciated the laughs. I don't know what the overall verdict was but I'm ok to think I was being an asshole in keeping the jeans.

So like many of you saw, the girl (Madison) texted me overnight telling me about why the jeans were important to her and asking if I would give them back. We texted back and forth a few times this morning and agreed we'd meet at the Starbucks by campus so I could return them. I got there and instantly recognized her and she got up and gave me a hug which I thought was very sweet (I'm a hugger too) and she had bought me like three different varieties of venti drinks to make sure she got one I liked (or as she admitted later, she was so nervous she didn't know what to do) which I also thought was very cool. I wasn't sure whether or not I even really wanted to talk with her but the coffee was enough entre to get me to sit down. I handed her the jeans and she was very thankful and again explained the story about her dad and teared up. Lots of people told me not to believe her but if she's lying, she's a sociopath because I could tell she was really upset by it. I did my best to comfort her which I hope was well received.

So as we got past that the only things I wanted to know were: how long had she known Aiden, did she know about me being his girlfriend and was she hoping to continue seeing him. She said they met when he and some friends went to her restaurant maybe a month ago and had been texting back and forth ever since, she said last Tuesday was the first time they'd met in person and she said she swore to god she didn't know he had a girlfriend. She said after I showed up Tuesday she was so disgusted she got dressed in her spare clothes (fat lot of good it did me to steal her jeans if my plan was to embarrass her) and left and didn't even process that her special jeans were gone until about a day later when she stared bugging him to get them back but she had no interest in seeing him. She said she was so frustrated with him stonewalling her had stopped by to get my number directly but he wouldn't even do that so she got it from his neighbor who happened to hear them arguing...she'd had my number since Sunday but was too nervous to text until yesterday.

Lots more happened and I can expand more in the comments but I think i'm running out of room...anyways so our plan is she is not going to tell him that I gave her the jeans back and start to demand he pay for them or buy her a new pair. When he does, she'll just give me the money or the jeans and then we'll give him the old..."thanks for the jeans but us adults already worked it out...toodles." Yes we are deceiving him but we both agree he deserves it.
Like I said lots more details but running into the 3000 character limit so I can say more if anyone is interested. Thank you for being so invested in my life. I've felt pretty rejected since this all went down and will have a hole in my heart for a long time...the kindness of internet strangers really, really helped for a few hoursI (25F) am half black, half Canadian aboriginal. I am light skinned with 3A type hair. I look pretty black, hardly aboriginal. I spent my entire life defending myself to both the black community and the aboriginal community. I have to admit, I have always identified more with my black roots than aboriginal ones but since I now have a son whose father is full aboriginal, it’s very important to me to embrace *both* cultures. This is relevant. 

Recently, we went to a local store in our small Canadian town that sells handmade mukluks by the aboriginal community. We wanted to get some for all three of us. It was just my son and I in the store - my husband was not with us. I go up to the register and the cashier doesn’t greet me or even acknowledge me. She starts ringing up the mukluks, chucks the boxes in a bag and says “payment?” With a dirty look. I pull out my debit card and say “debit please”. She then mumbles under her breath “another one trying to steal our culture”. So I said “sorry, what?” And she says “yeah, you heard me. You’re just like the rest of them, coming here to steal what isn’t yours”. 

I immediately got upset because I AM aboriginal and I’m not stealing anything. This is just as much my culture as it is hers. I didn’t know what else to do, so I pulled out my treaty card from my wallet, put it on the desk, and said “I want to speak to your manager please”. She turned bright red and called another woman over. I explained what happened and said I wasn’t looking for anything except for comments like that to not be repeated. As I said before, I spent my entire life defending myself to BOTH communities i am supposed to be apart of. I also don’t feel like I need to justify why I’m buying mukluks. The manager basically said she would deal with it.

I don’t know what happened to the cashier, if she got in trouble or not. But on the drive home I felt really embarrassed and now I feel like I’m TA and should’ve just ignored her and moved on with my day. So AITA for speaking to her manager and *potentially* getting her in trouble?

Edit: thank you for Silver, kind stranger! 

I’d like to add some details for those who are confused - “aboriginal” isn’t only a term used in Australia. It’s commonly used to refer to native people in Canada. Within the last few years the terminology has shifted from aboriginal to First Nations, or indigenous people. But aboriginal isn’t suddenly wrong to say. 

Another note: my father is Blackfoot and my mother is Dominican.Me and my wife have been married two years. She is from an immigrant family, who are fundamentalist muslims. I am pretty much an athiest, and when we met she was of the same mind, perhaps agnostic is the better word. She continued to put on a front for her muslim father.

Her family does not like me, because i am a white guy who comes from a christian home. That is the fact of the matter, they have said as much on social media.

My wife lives with me. We agreed if we have kids they would be raised secular, if they want to choose to be muslim when theyre old, thats fine, but i do not care for the religion and dont want it drilled into them. She agreed and i would not have kids otherwise. Her family did not show up to our wedding.

Now that our son has been born, her family keeps pressuring to see my son and take him to their mosque. I refused and she agreed, but now i found out her father took my son there and dressed him in muslim clothes without my knowledge.

So im not good enough for your daughter because im white, but my half white son youre going to raise against my wishes? No sir. My father in law has a gross control over my wife.

She is so happy when we can be in our home together and just be ourselves, have glasses of wine, eat whatever we want, wear whatever we want. When she sees her father she comes back depressed and ashamed.

He is pressuring her to be a muslim or a half muslim, whatever. She is my wife and i love her, but shes an adult and she can do what she wants. However i refuse to let my father in law drill thoughts into my boys head.

He is my son too, and hes a baby. I have told her this many times, but she continues to bring him to my father in law who continues to do religious things with him. My father in law refuses to listen when i tell him not to do this, and ignores me. He acts like i am not the boys father.

I flat out told her i cannot allow my son to be raised that way, even if it meant splitting up.

EDIT: Seems like theres a lot of confusion about my wifes faith and her relationship with her family.. Heres a story that might clear things up.

My wife and myself were at the beach. Having fun, trying to surf. She was wearing a very sexy two piece bikini. She takes selfies of herself, and posts them online where she thinks her family cant see. Harmless fun.

Her brother somehow sees, and rudely tells her that shes disgracing her family. Not even kidding. I tell him to lay off her, and he threatens to attack me. Her brother is 17.

The father not only knew about this, but liked the brothers posts. Needless to say my wife ended up in tears and we haven't gone to the beach since. These are her family.

EDIT 2: Post locked which is fine. Theres obviously been enough.

To all those pming saying that im a racist troll and that the mods "exposed" me, i messaged them and they have no evidence. That is just one mods (incorrect) opinion that they decided to sticky for whatever reason. I told them that it was causing confusion and sending harassment my way, they dont seem to care.

They also muted me for even asking so theres that.

It is simply their opinion, which is fine to have. It is nothing more than that.

As an update i realize i was over the line to lay down an ultimatum but i dont know what to do or where to go from here. Im stuck. Thats about it.Got married last weekend and had a lovely day, but had some commotion early on the wedding day. 

For flower girl, we had a choice between my two nieces, Amber and Katie. They're both eight and it was a tough decision. Unfortunately for my perfect day I felt shallow and since Amber has more of a typical angelic ''cute'' appearance (very long hair, glasses, big smile) I picked her. Her parents also convinced me she deserved it because she got top marks in some assessment her school did. 

During the wedding prep Katie and her dad (my brother) kept telling me that Amber had been bullying her about the fact she didn't get the job. The girls have never liked each other for reasons I don't know. I didn't pay too much mind to it since I was too caught up in myself.

On the wedding morning I got to witness the bullying myself and it was pretty cruel. Amber (and keep in mind this is an eight year old child) told Katie that she'd never get married because she's too ugly. I could imagine how upsetting this would be for a child and I made Amber apologise and also took away the flower girl job and gave it to Katie. Amber was crying throughout the wedding day, and for the past days I haven't heard anything from her dad my other brother. 

My husband and I are going away on our honeymoon on thursday, and i was anxious to get in touch with my brother before we leave. He finally called me and was extremely angry at me for taking the job away from his daughter. He said Amber has been crying the past two days and felt really humiliated, and was really looking forward to the job. 

As someone who was bullied myself growing up, it felt like the right thing to do after Amber's behaviour towards Katie. I can't imagine how upsetting those comments would be, and at that point Katie, who had never been anything other than well behaved deserved it more than Amber.So, to start off, maybe, it was a bit petty of me tbh. Anyway, I asked this girl Clara out on a date about a year ago. I was a completely different person then, and she turned me down. It stung like hell, but it did encourage me to better myself. Since then I've gotten in better shape, became more confident and generally I've had more luck with girls. I still never forgot what made me improve though, and that will always be a shitty memory.

Anyway, me and a few friends I've made since last year went out to a gathering. I'm still fairly new in their circle, and surprise! Clara was there. I think she recognized me but I wasn't sure. Me and her hit it off, and at the end of the night we had a date planned. The date went pretty well and we went on our second one last friday.

After this I went home and thought about where to go next, and I realized I couldn't really forgive her. So, she hit me up asking if we were going out again, and I sort of make a joke of it, blew it off and put her on mute. I haven't responded since then, and our mutual friends say she's been pretty upset, since she gets attached to people quickly, but the revenge I got was so sweet! 

But, maybe I was an asshole though, what does Reddit think?I'm getting a major surgery done in about three weeks and I was told there's a 60-80% chance it will kill me. It's 60% if I do all the things the surgeon told me to do to prepare for the surgery (take supplements, gain weight fast, lots of protein) and I'm following all the rules. So let's say my chances of dying are 60%. That's not great but not too horrible.

The thing is that I've had this exact surgery before and I came out just fine so my family has no reason to think this time will be any different (aside from the risk involved with any surgery). However for reasons involving My Medical Condition (TM), this time the surgery is riskier.

My family consists of my older brother (28M) who I (27M) live with and my mom (54F) who lives on the other side of the country. My brother is very protective of me and my mom still acts like I'm her little boy. The only reasons I could think of to tell them would be:

1. Give them time to prepare for the possibility of my death. BUT I don't think this is something they can prepare for. I'm sure they'd just be miserable for the time leading up to the surgery. I don't want that.
2. Give us all a chance to make happy memories before the surgery. Again I don't think that can happen when we'd only be doing it because I might die soon. It would feel forced and desperate and they would only be pretending to not be miserable and I'd be unhappy because I would know they're miserable.

I'm leaning towards "ignorance is bliss" for everyone involved. If I survive, no harm done and all that potential misery would be for nothing. If I die, well that's a risk of any surgery and their final moments with me wouldn't have had that misery. And with My Medical Condition (TM) it's unlikely I'd make it to retirement age anyway.

But is it right for me to hide something this big, even if it's to spare them pain? What are your thoughts?

EDIT: The surgery is 100% necessary. I WILL die without it, but it would take maybe a year or so and be very unpleasant.

Edit2: I've already gone over how I'd want my body dealt with the last time I had surgery (donated to science or cremated if science doesn't want it). I have no debts and my brother knows about all my bank accounts.

Edit3: I will write letters to them.

Edit4: Maybe I wasn't very clear about this because a few people have commented about it. I'm not hiding the surgery itself from my family, just how risky it is. They're going to come see me off and we'll say our I love yous and good lucks at the hospital.

Edit5: I already have an advanced medical directive from the last time I had this surgery.

And YES I promise to post an update if I survive! You're all very sweet for wishing me well. It turns out Reddit isn't as scary as I feared (I just joined and this is my first post).

Edit6: Thanks to everyone who responded with their thoughts! I honestly don't know what I want anymore. There seems to be no good answer and spending the last 4 hours reading what everyone has said and thinking about my upcoming surgery has left me feeling pretty drained. I'm going to take a break and recharge.

EDIT7: Okay I'm feeling very overwhelmed here. I was only expecting to get 10 comments, maybe 20 at the most. Now there's nearly 400 comments. I wrote this post feeling pretty confident of my decision but I wanted to see if anyone out there had a different perspective, another point of view that I hadn't considered. After reading over 100 of these comments I don't know what I should do anymore. I'm feeling guilty for hiding this but I can't see what the right thing to do is. There probably *isn't* a right thing to do.

So many of you have shared their stories and experiences with the death of a loved one. I'm truly sorry you had to go through that and I appreciate your perspectives. I'm going to revisit this in the morning and look at this with fresh eyes.

PS: To all the people who are setting reminders for three weeks (a bit morbid but I understand) you should make it for four weeks. If I survive, I'll need time to recover and get out of the ICU before I come back to Reddit.I (17f) have been struggling with some depression after my dad passed. I spend about a year isolated, never leaving my room, just laying in bed all day miserable. I started going to therapy and working two days a week, but the moment I come home I will still crawl right into bed. I just have no energy. 

My 17th birthday was a few days ago and my mom was asking if I wanted a party, she thought it would be good for me. I told her several times that no, I don't want a party, pretending to be totally fine and happy is exhausting. Especially with that many people around. 

But when I came back from work and opened the door, the house was filled with people. (Maybe 10% family I'm not close to and 90% my moms friends). I didn't know what to do so I walked back out again, I grabbed a slice of pizza somewhere and walked around the park, hoping that when I came back they would be gone. 

While at the park my phone blew up with texts from my family and mom, that I was ungrateful and spoiled and didn't deserve nice things they tried to do. 

I came home about two hours after I left the party, my mom was super pissed. I tried to explain but she thinks it's just excuses. 


Was I the asshole? My mom is still not speaking to me, and I do feel bad that she went though all that effort for nothing.



Edit: my mom and dad divorced a few years back if that matters. And I do have friends that my mom knows, but none of them were invited.


Edit 2: 

I'm already in therapy and its helping.

 This wasn't meant as a validation post, your parent and family telling you you're wrong will make you doubt yourself. 

And I was dead on my feet, I had just worked 9 hours and I just wanted to sleep. I'm an introvert so social interactions already cost a lot of energy, so I couldn't have just 'faked in for an hour'

Pretending to be fine when you're not takes a lot of energy, and I couldn't at that point.



Edit 3: after receiving several messages about "using your dead daddy for attention seeking" and the like, I'm going to log off for a while. Thank you everyone for commenting :)I am very self conscious about my weight. I am very skinny because of my fast metabolism and im very bony. It tears me apart when i hear people calling me a twig. I was eating lunch with some of my friends and the biggest one in the group said "Eat" when i was throwing out half of my sandwich. I said "Im not hungry" and she said "You have to eat, your a twig" they already know i have a fast metabolism because i told them before about it when they asked why i was so bony. I snapped back and said "I'd rather be a twig then a whole tree" and suddenly im the asshole. Everyone in my group of friends hate me and i want to know if its my fault.

Edit: wow ok i didnt expect this to blow up. Now i can say my alt account has more karma then my main. I saw people concerned about my weight. My highschool has lunch very early and i had a big breakfest thats why i wasn't that hungry. I just believed i was skinny because of a fast metabolism because thats what my mom told me but now im starting to believe it might be something else. I appreciate all the tips and concernMy in-laws live in a sleepy artsy fartsy town where nothing ever happens. They know all their neighbors, half of the family lives near by. They're the kind of people who are comfortable with anyone coming in or dropping by unannounced just to say hi, show someone something on their phone, etc. It's very Full House.

So that being said, they don't lock their door. We've piled into the car to go to the store or other places before and I've said "Do you have the key?" to be (gently, not meanly) laughed at and had it explained that they don't need to lock the door. 

I'm not comfortable with that, but I didn't say anything. I just moved my travel bag into my car. When we went to get ready for bed, I passed by the door and saw it hadn't been locked. I asked if I should lock up for the night and the family chuckled again. I felt extremely uncomfortable, so for peace of mind, I locked up. 

In the AM, FIL got up and went to get his paper. He found the door was locked and said "(My Name), did you lock the door?"

I said yeah, very casually. He looked at me like I was crazy. I said I'm just not comfortable with leaving doors unlocked. Both of them laughed, and for the rest of the weekend, the jokes continued. Things like "Who hurt you?" and "What was so bad in your childhood that you can't deal with an unlocked door?" and "What do you think was going to happen, someone was going to break in? This isn't (Big City we live in)."

We ended up leaving early because my husband was tired of telling them to knock it off. A few days later, my MIL posted what was supposed to be a funny thing  on FB and tagged me, saying "(My Name) and Husband visited, but DIL isn't cut out for that (town) life! She couldn't handle a few unlocked doors and thinks the whole world is out to get her!" cue the family making fun of me, my upbringing, etc.

I'd finally had enough and posted back: Home invasions happen. My best friend's dad was murdered in their home by an intruder when I was 12 years old. Forgive me for caring about my safety and infringing on whatever makes you feel superior here."

She deleted the post and told me I was out of line, it wasn't my place to lock doors in someone's house that wasn't mine, if I didn't feel safe with them, maybe I shouldn't visit anymore. I said sure, Husband and I won't visit anymore. She backpedaled and made it clear she meant just me, but I asked why he would drive all the way out there (it's about 5 hours) without me just to be with people who were mean and judgmental about his wife and a locked fucking door? This turned into another big "you're taking my baby away from me!" situation.

Anyway in relaying the whole story to others, I've had a surprising reaction. Am I the asshole for locking a door at night?I am in my 2nd yr of university and doing a group project in my intro to research method. There is a group project worth 30% of our final marks and we have to create a journal article based on whatever we like as long as we have sufficient data. Anyways I was assigned in a group I can already tell isn't exactly top tier (we can't pick). Girl A seems okay albeit the "go with the flow type" and the other person is definitely older who isn't giving me good outward appearance vibe.

so we all talked and agreed to do sections as opposed to working together because girl B doesn't have a car and I don't want to do it in school as parking is expensive. So it was decided Girl B will do abstract and intro, I will do methods and results (since I didn't really trust them), Girl A will do discussion, conclusion, and references.  We all decided what to do and I told them I will keep communication open and email them both findings as I go so they could do their parts. I have been emailing constantly since mid October  (project is due Nov 20). I scheduled a meeting on the 13th just to touch bases and see how they are doing.

During the meeting we showed each other the work and omg the abstract and the intro is like written by a high schooler. It seemed like she did it the night before, it barely described what we are trying to do. So I called her out on it and told her I'm doing the heavy lifting and the 2 parts she has are literally the easiest sections. She proceeded to tell us how she's has a part time job and on top of that she is raising a kid and just went on and on how hectic her life is, and then offhandedly insulted me saying because I don't have a job and a kid I wouldn't understand. I get that I wouldn't but university is OPTIONAL, I don't think you should get a pass simply because your life is "hectic" but whatever. So I said fine email me a second draft on Saturday the 16th. I just got it today (the 17th) because she said her kid was sick so she had and picked up extra shifts. I read it and it is still lacking (keep in mind I gave her pointers). I think she maybe changed a couple of sentences and then used a thesaurus.

WIBTA for emailing my prof tonight to explain the situation and drop her?

&#x200B;

EDIT:  Didn't realize I was coming off as a massive dick. I tried to look at both perspective and unfortunately  yes, I should have probably communicated more. However I think it should also be up to the other person to ask for help as opposed to giving the impression of smooth sailing. I also can't get behind the idea of doing the bare minimum simply because it's not a priority to you, but maybe because I'm not a mom yet I can't fathom what its like so I'm not as empathetic.

But thanks for all the replies even the really insulting ones, it made me come to a decision. All in all no regrets in posting here.I graduated college 4 years ago and I rarely speak to my mother or father. Maybe 2-3 times a year and even then it’s only for a few minutes, they refused to let me play sports in high school or have a social life and they’ve basically cut me out of their lives since I and about 75 other people got a city drinking ticket 7 years ago in college. Since I live about 800 miles away, I only go back to my hometown once a year either for Thanksgiving or Christmas, most years I stay with a friend or at a hotel, last year I stayed with my parents. No way in hell am I going back for either this year.

Just about 5 months before I graduated college, my parents bought a boat. I know they got a good deal on it and they have used it a lot. They took it out of the water for the season in early October. I’ve literally never seen it in person, just pictures from Facebook.

Last week I had texted my father (first contact since March) and let him know I would be able to make it back for Christmas. About a minute later he called and over the course of 5 minutes explained how he and my mother decided since their last child was about through college, they would buy a boat. The only problem was they didn’t have the ~$20,000 to buy it.

What was their solution? Take out a student loan in my name of course! My mailing address was always their house through college so I was none the wiser. Why was my dad telling me about it now 4 years after the fact? Because they can’t pay it back, they actually never paid any of it back. They kept putting it in forbearance but that ran out early this year. Fast forward 7 or 8 missed payments later and my dad tells me the only reason he’s telling me now is because he doesn’t want me to bring it up at Christmas and he knows it’s going to default in a month or two. His exact words were “If you’re going to make a big deal about this it’s best if you don’t come home this year”.

He also said it’s “about $25,000” is what I would need to pay it off. I hung up and just sat in shock for a couple of minutes. I called my brother yesterday and told him what was happening and that I think I’m going to sue them for whatever it takes to pay off the loan. I still don’t know what that amount is yet, I should probably find out by next week. I’m cool with my brother and he’s cool with my parents and I’m sure he probably talked to them because this morning I get a text from my mom just saying “Do NOT sue us”. I texted her back saying she would need to immediately pay off the entire loan and show me proof. She texts back that I need to grow up. Obviously I’m not even going to respond to that.

The boat is probably worth half of what they paid for it by now and with the hours they’ve put on it. I don’t know if they have the money or not to pay up immediately if I sue them but I figure I can at least garnish their wages. My other brother called and asked me to hold off a few months before doing anything that it was shitty of them to do that but to give them a chance to start paying if off.
So my uncle said he is getting married this summer to is girlfriend of 11 years. I was very happy for him I told him congratulations, he told me I could come but I had to cut my long hair. I asked him why and he told me that his GF is insecure about her hair being not that long and does not like guys with long hair. I told him sorry then I'm not going, He asked why and I told him I have a weird shaped head and it does not look good with short hair and I'm insecure about my head shape. I told him this and he told me man up men don't need to feel insecure, I told him I guess I won't go to your wedding. I got calls from my Parents and other family members to stop being a baby and cut your hair.

sorry for the bad format I don't type that great

AITA?Edit first off thanks for the Gold and silver secondly let me explain some things

1. I asked his GF personally over the phone and wanted to know if she really felt this way she said yes I had also asked if I could put it in a bun, put on a hat, or put it in a ponytail but she said no. I also asked her does she really feel insecure about my hair being longer and she blew up at me saying that I needed to cut my hair and that I was being selfish so I suspect she is insecure about it.
2. I was raised in a family that loves weddings to the point if one person doesn't do one thing right they will flip out on you and you will never hear the end of it.
3. This is not a Validation post. I seen a few comments saying that I'm looking for validation, but I was actually serious when I was asking because on one hand It is just hair and it grows back or on the other hand not go to my their wedding over hair. Also having everyone tell you that you're wrong can make you think Did I do the right thing or not.Sorry for being a savager, here's the link: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/bdrxjd/aita_for_wanting_to_share_the_hotel_room_i_booked/

Hello, its been a few months since my last post but I thought that I'd give you an update. So, naturally, I talked to my SO the day after I posted this on the subreddit. She recently joined this subreddit so she'll probably recognise this post (if you see this, I love you very much <3). 

I expressed my concerns for the break up and how it would affect our vacation together, specifically the room arrangements and told her of my conversation with my friend. She basically said what you guys did: We have no obligation to rearrange our trip for their comfort if they're going to break up, so I shouldnt feel obligated to give up our room together for that. They, especially my friend, has the responsibility to work out something. We agreed that it's a weird situation overall, but with her support I felt even more confident.

Well, my friend and his gf broke up as expected a few weeks after I made the post. I casually confronted my friend some time afterwards. Like, "oh by the way when we talked about you wanting to change the room arrangements. We're not really up for that, so if you can find another option then that'd be swell." More or less. He took it well and said he understood of course, but his gf ultimately wouldn't be joining us even though all of us said she was welcome to do so and that she could find another room or hotel but it was her choice. We all agreed that it was his responsibility to find another person to join us if he didn't want to pay that much. He took responsibility for it which I really appreciated, but in the end he had to pay the full price. She still had to pay for the plane ticket and the activities we were supposed to go on, but she said it was easy to earn back and didn't hold a grudge. We're still very good friends to this day.

Overall, we had a good time on our trip. Although our friend was  single and wanted to explore the night life more, me and my partner enjoyed our time together in our hotel room and the public areas, we had a blast! We also connected a bit more with my friend over drinks and fun days. So everything turned out alright in the end. Thank you for all the responses that made me realize that I need to work on my confrontation skills and express my boundaries for my own, and my partner's, interests. I'm hoping that this post will encourage others in my shoes to do the same and hopefully come to a solution as friends and adults. Be respectful, understanding, and don't forget that we all have issues that we struggle with. Best is to encourage growth to strengthen ourselves and our relationships.Sounds bad. But let me explain. 

I am not from the US. I live in a conservative country. Although abortion is not strictly illegal, its all hush hush. To the point, where unless you are vouched by someone, the doctor will deny that he/she performs abortion, even if you ask them. It because if someone finds that a particular doctor does this, they might start getting threats. 

My sister was 2 days past her due date when I found out that I was pregnant. She is 10 years older than me. I am still in college. Me and boyfriend decided it's best to abort. So, one of my friend's father is a doctor. So I asked her to ask him to get me an appointment with some good doctor in the city. I was 7 weeks pregnant by then. 

One week passed. My friend was in the process of getting me an appointment when my sister went into labour and gave a still birth. All of us were very devastated. I was the child's godmother of sorts. I was also feeling absolutely crushed. We planned to have a funeral a week later. 

3 days before the funeral, my friend came though for me. I was 8 and half weeks pregnant by then. She got me an appointment for the next day. I spoke to doctor over the phone and when I asked her I could postpone it, she advised me not to wait. 

As this was a trying time for my family, I decided not to tell anyone except my mother. I told her in secret and explicitly told her not to tell anyone. I just wanted to let her know because I usually tell her about all the medical stuff that I do. My boyfriend was going to give me a ride to the hospital. 

That day I was in a lot of pain and I came home and rested. Next day, I was bleeding a little, but nothing unbearable. I wanted to go to my sister's house to help with the funeral arrangements. 

I went to her house and learn that somehow she found out about my abortion. She took me to her room and yelled at me about how insensitive and childish and selfish I am. She also yelled a lot of things about how I didn't deserve that child and if I loved her at all, I would have spoken or asked her permission before I did this. She also yelled about how she could have changed my mind and adopted the child, if only I would have talked to her. I felt pretty shitty already and I didn't argue or say anything to her. After she finished yelling at me, she forbid me from coming to the funeral next day. 

This was a about a month ago but that's the last the last we both spoke. Neither of us attempted to talk to the other one after this. 

My mom thinks that it's my fault and I should apologize to her. My boyfriend thinks that I have nothing to apologise for. I honestly have no clue what to do or what to apologize for. 

I understand that what she did was because of the pain she was in. She was pro choice and I know she didn't mean what she told me. But she however denied me the chance to say goodbye to my godchild. I don't think she should apologize for what she yelled at me, but I think she should atleast apologize for banning me from the funeral. 

So, reddit, am I the asshole?Two nights ago I was out for dinner with my husband at this new restaurant we’ve been wanting to try for a while. It’s got a Michelin star so it’s always packed and the restaurant itself is pretty tiny and spans two floors. 

We got a great table on the first floor which is really just a bar, some tiny two person tables, and those standing tables for drinks. We essentially got the only table by the window for actual dining. We got this due to calling nearly a week ahead for reservations. 

Anyways nearly half an hour into our meal this visibly pregnant woman and her husband comes in asking for a table. They had a reservation but no request for any specific table so when the hostess starts leading them upstairs to the main dining room the woman says no, she can’t go up stairs in her current state (she looks VERY pregnant). 

Long story short, they end up approaching us asking if we’d mind switching tables with them so they could have our ground floor table. My husband is like ok I guess but I simply said no, I called ahead to get this exact table and I want to stay here. The hostess shrugs and the woman and her husband looks pretty ticked off. She rolled her eyes at me and they just left. My husband thinks we should’ve given up our table. AITA?

**Edit**: To everyone asking for more details, here’s a better breakdown of what happened. 

We had just gotten our starters and were still anticipating 3 more courses (pasta/main/dessert). We had also ordered an expensive bottle of wine so had no intention to rush the evening. The table I reserved was a bit special because it was the only one set in these huge bay windows that’s very iconic to this particular restaurant, looks very romantic basically. I had called previously just to ask for this table and was turned down (original date was last weekend but table was taken) but we went midweek instead since we weren’t in any rush and thought that window table was especially nice. Also the upstairs dining room is sort of grim compared to downstairs (smaller windows, used to be the attic). 

When the other couple came in we didn’t notice initially until they started whispering to each other and the hostess while staring at us. Eventually the hostess comes over with them in tow asking if we’d switch tables and they’d comp our starters. The pregnant woman tells us they drove over an hour to get here to eat and she can’t walk up stairs because of her knees (it was some medical condition I can’t remember). My husband and I talked it over and I said no thank you we’d like the stay here if possible. Honestly I didn’t expect them to just leave the restaurant. I assumed they would make do and just eat at the other smaller bar tables on the ground floor since they were mostly empty at this time.

This is where the couple kind of huffs collectively and the guy said “seriously?” under his breath and the woman very exaggeratedly rolled her eyes. I’m like “whatever” at this point and we go back to our meal. Some waiters come over and offer to piece together some of the smaller bar tables on the ground floor into one large table but I guess they didn’t want that (we weren’t close enough to hear why). Finally our waitress and hostess comes over (couple waits by door) asking if we can finish in ~30 minutes if they rush our order and bring all the food out at once. My husband and I are like “obviously not we’re not going to glug our wine and inhale our food” and they relent and go tell the couple we’re not moving. Then the couple leaves.

Actually, looking back now it’s possible that couple knew people at this restaurant since the hostess/waiters seemed exceptionally frantic when they couldn’t get our table and kept apologizing. I remember being kind of annoyed they were acting like that when they basically wanted to kick us out minutes earlier. Could be speculation but I wouldn’t be surprised if they were important somehow and the restaurant didn’t want to piss them off.Throwaway because some of my friends have reddit too. 


To start my story off, let me give you some background info. I am a woman. My husband is a bisexual male leaning more towards straight, but is still bi. We have only recently gotten married, about 9 months ago. Before that we dated for a couple of years. My husband has always wanted to have a threesome with another bi man, as he could please both of us. I wasn’t too comfortable with doing this, but last week, I finally agreed. My husband is very in with the lgbtq+ community in our area, so he knew exactly who he wanted to join us right away. We scheduled to have this event partake three days after my agreeing at the friends house, who we will call jim.


Now fast forward to four days ago, the day of the threesome. I was very nervous, but my husband was excited to “ finally be able to have a good man in him” as he said. We got to jim’s house, and were brought inside. We had a few drink and then started. I don’t want to make this too NSFW but what i will say was that both of them were involved with each other and me in multiple ways. But I guess my husband wanting for men was more than i expected, because after a few minute of foreplay and intercourse, it turned into my husband and jim just having normal sex. I saw what was happening, grabbed my clothes, ran out the house and into my car, and drove away almost in tears. Some people might see this as an overreaction, but in my mind, all my husband was doing was cheating on me with another man. I later texted him and told him he could stay at jim’s house overnight, he wasn’t welcome here. Later the next day jim dropped my husband off, who was not apologetic at all. He was mad at me for driving away, saying that he did nothing wrong, and that he just wanted to satisfy his needs. Most of our other friends also sided with him, saying that he needs a man every now and then.


So what do you think reddit, AITA for having a “threesome” with my husband and his friend?

EDIT: Just to clarify, we are no way at all in an open relationship.I live in a townhome complex with a pretty strict HOA.  I got a new neighbor around six weeks ago. I will call her Elaine. 

Elaine moved in around six weeks ago, and since she moved in I have noticed her putting her trash in my trash can. Elaines trash makes my trash so full that the bin can not close. She sometimes puts her garbage bags next to my bin also. The city will pick this up, but the HOA does not like to see trash bags or open trash cans in front of the house. They will fine you. 

Cost for trash pickup in my city is around $300 a year (25/mo) and it costs around $45 dollars to get a bin if you don’t already have one. 

The first time I saw her doing this, I confronted her. She said that she was waiting for her bin, and she didn’t want her trash to pile up. I said, fine you can put your trash here *for now* but make sure that the can closes. If not you need to hold it. 

A month passes by and Elaine is still using my trash can. I asked her what was going on and she claimed that she could not afford to get a bin right now, and apologized. At this point I have received two notices about my trash cans overflowing. I told her she could no longer put trash in my can. 

Last week, I was off from work. I saw Elaine, again, putting an enormous amount of trash into my trash cans. When she left, I took her trash out of my cans and placed the bags into her porch. 

It turns out that Elaine went out of town. So the trash sat for about a week in front of her door. It was disgusting. I wasn’t home when she returned, but my wife was. My wife says that she came to our house throwing a fit about the garbage. She said she had several notices from HOA and had been fined, and asked why we put disgusting trash in front of her door. She got into a very heated argument with my wife. 

My wife called me up and told me about what happened. She thinks I’m an asshole for the way I handled this situation because now we are not on friendly terms with our neighbor. I just don’t think being on “friendly terms” means that we should be taken advantage of.  She needs to pay for her trash to he collected like everyone else. Was this an asshole move?edited to add- to the people out there with curly hair, i hear you and i understand! However, my daughter is 4. My husband and i both have worked hard to figure out how to care for her hair. He does play an active role in coming up with what she needs and i execute it. If i was willing to fight her tooth and nail every morning, i could style it into pretty curls, sure. But it is not worth it to me or my husband to do that to her because she hates it so much and we are not willing to override her bodily  autonomy just to make her hair look nice. It's just hair. What i'm doing is just getting the over-night matted rat's nest out. She does NOT have course hair. It is fine and smooth like mine and it because a matted mess just like mine, it can't be braided or put in a protective style, unfortunately. that will just rip her hair out. not that she would tolerate that, anyway. She removes anything or any style i've ever tried to do in her hair. even if she cooperates while i'm doing it, 5 minutes later, she'll just pull out whatever i put in. from french braids to hair clips and headbands. they're all a no-go.
My husband and i have put a lot of time and effort into finding out exactly how to best care for her hair, and this is really it for now. It's not the best for her HAIR but it is the best for her well being, as we've decided as her parents. We'll revisit her hair care when she's older, i promise. And i would NEVER use heat treatments on a child. i don't care if it curls or not. We just want her to look half groomed.


--------------------------------
So I am white my husband is black and we have two daughters, ages 2 and 4. My 4 year old looks a lot like her (very handsome, if I might add) daddy. But she's got my texture hair with a massive amounts of curls that I usually am the one to take care of. Yesterday I brushed her hair in to a ponytail and put her in an old, very dated (but cute for the time!) outfit from when I was a kid in the 90's and recreated a photo of me when I was her age. I thought it was adorable but I received a lot of backlash from my "woke" friends and family (on my side, for the record. I'm not close to his family and they all just "heart" any pictures of my kids and rarely comment, if they do just to say they like the picture) accusing me of trying to make her "white". 

I've had underhanded comments before from them about "erasing my kid's identity" for brushing her hair? She's a child. To maintain her curls to look good requires quite a bit of time and products. Often she just lets me brush the rat's nest out of it and calls it a day. Any time I style it, she sticks her hands in it and messes it up. What else can I do? However, doing this does brush the curls out until her hair gets wet again. She HATES having her hair misted or dampeded and it's too cold for that now anyway. My husband doesn't care. He's happy she's clean and fed. 

To wrap this up, I've had more than one person say I need to leave my more "black-passing" child's image alone and let her embrace being black, especially because, get this, my 2 year old is more "white-passing" with wavy light hair and my blue eyes. Including what I feel is dangerous advice to let her play outside without sunscreen. We have no idea what her sun tolerance is and I'm not about to deal with a small child having a sunburn I gave her on purpose. I have a low sun tolerance and don't tan, just burn like a boiled lobster. 

I'm going to be honest, this all blows my mind a little bit. My husband has never said anything of the sort. I've asked him about it and he said I don't need to worry about it. I don't let these people anywhere near my kids in person and some of them I can't avoid or just cut off. So am I being an asshole?For background I am a 22 year old woman from a large Middle Eastern nation. In my culture arranged marriages are quite common amongst the religious population.

&#x200B;

I attend a prestigious private university in one of the most populous cities in our region of the world. My family is very well off as my father is the CEO of one of the most successful holdings in our nation. I am studying engineering and in my faculty there is a man who I will refer to as Ali. Ali is Syrian and sought refuge in our country. He came here with his two young sisters and his mother. His father passed away in the Syrian war. His family currently lives in a small single bedroom apartment and are supported by my countries government aid. He has a sponsor so he can attend my University.

&#x200B;

Ali and I are both studying Civil Engineering. I have been in love with him since grade 1 of University. The problem is he has deep feelings for a Syrian girl who also ran away to my country. She doesn't want to be with him as far as I know. Since we are nearing graduation, I want to tell him that if he lets her go and chooses to start a relationship with me then him and his family would be financially secure for life. I want to propose this idea to him and his mother. I am not technically persuading him to marry me, but if he does he would be saving his family from ever having to go back to Syria. And he would know this. AITA for making this offer?

Edit: for everyone begging to know my nationality, I won’t reveal this however I will say that I am NOT Arab.

EDIT 2: Believe it or not I read every single response (admittedly skimmed through most). I made my decision though. I'm going to talk it out with my father. Either way whatever ends up happening I will post an update. Thanks everyone!Throw away.
My son is 14. Soon to be ex wife and I were married for almost 20 years.
Recently found out she had been having an affair with co-worker. We are getting a divorce, they are officially dating.
I’m crashing at a buddy’s place while I look for an apartment. 
My son is torn up about it, and he’s confused. On our last visit he kept asking me questions like, if I still loved his mom, why I didn’t think she was attractive, basically trying to figure out what happened. So, I told him. I told him that his mom had an affair, and that’s why out marriage is ending. He put two and two together and realized that moms current boyfriend may be the culprit. 
He has been a nightmare at home ever since. Cursing, and screaming at his mother and being defiant. She doesn’t want to put up with him. I told her what I told him, and she was very upset. She thinks I’m a huge asshole, but I don’t want to lie to my son. I’m willing to take him after I find a place. My buddy also thinks it was an asshole move, and I’m very disappointed with the way that he is acting, I didn’t expect it. Was i an asshole for this? It’s been tearing me up, wondering if I did the right thing.

Edit:
 A lot of people are worrying about custody, and me leaving the home. There’s not going to be a custody battle, my son wants to live with me. He will be as soon as I find a place.Our 13 year old son has a disability from birth. He uses crutches to walk and has a speech impediment. Other than that, he's very bright and kind. He is even studying everything a grade ahead then what he's supposed to.

He's been homeschooled for the last two years because of how severe the bullying got.

And it kills me to say it but he's never had an actual friend other than his younger sister. We've tried so hard to facilitate friendships but it's never clicked.

Seven months ago, we got new neighbors. My son and their son were the same age and they started hanging out.

My wife and I were happy beyond words. My son was also extremely happy to finally have a friend his own age. 

Last month, we were made aware of videos the boy was making of my son and sending them to children from his school. Very cruel words were used in the video, including the "r" slur.

We were heartbroken to find out that our son was aware of the videos and was allowing his "friend" to make fun of him just so they could hang out. 

Despite his protests, I brought up the videos with the boy's parents. I was furious. To their credit, they were extremely apologetic and the mother was so upset she cried.

The boy was very embarassed and was made to apologize to my son. But he's now refusing to become friends with my son again, which has devastated him.

I'm now second guessing all my actions and I'm wondering if I should have just reached out to the boy in private. My son didn't want me to involve the parents but I did it anyway.

I'm feeling very guilty. My wife is also very upset over the while thing. We've already started therapy for our son. Just wondering if I did the right thing here. My son won't even talk to me anymore.We are from the Philippines and my mom is extremely religious. I am a closeted atheist since I was about 13. My mom had quite a tough-ish life due to (mostly) her bad decisions like not being good with money, refusing every good opportunity that came her way because she believed in "signs from God" (e.g. someone offered her a substantial amount of money for something she wasn't selling, she prayed and asked God "if this is a bad decision, let person x come by my house this week" but person x comes by our house 2-3x a week. While I told her it's a very good decision to sell, since person x comes by ANYWAY she follows her "sign"). She's a single mom and I am her only child. So I always dreamt of giving her a good life.

I learned to not follow her mistakes, and I suppose this is why I became an atheist. I worked extremely hard because I wanted a different life from that of my mom. 25 yrs later, I became quite successful. Bought her a house, a car and an allowance each month. 

She never once thanked me. Instead, she thanked God. I ignored this at first, but then she got quite extreme. I mentioned to her that I did work pretty hard to get here, and she says things like "This is God's reward to me, all those years of following him. I deserve/earned this" and "It was through my prayers and faith that He listened and gave you the strength to push through. If you think this was purely because of you, you are sorely mistaken!"

I am going to Australia for a holiday, I wanted to take her and she said something like "praise be to Him! He loves me so much, he knew I deserve to have a vacation!" I don't know why, but it rubbed me the wrong way and told her "nevermind, I'm going alone." 

She's upset, asked why and I said that I am so sick and tired of hearing her praise some Being for my hard work and love. She said I am being ungrateful and delusional if I think my success was because of "just me working hard"I got an email that “my” account name had been changed. Since I didn’t have an account under the supposed name I checked it out. 

It wasn’t my account so I dm’ed the other person, “Hi it’s actually [name]. Do you want to change your email?” To which he responded, “No I’m also actually [name] bitch.”

Now this user appeared to be a kid so I decided to use this as a learning opportunity. I changed his password and deleted his recovery phone number. I then gave him a bio which said, “dm me @[my account] with your email so I can change it for you.”I truly want an honest opinion so I'm going to include all details I can w/in char limit, even ones that aren't flattering to me. 

I've been dating my GF for about a month. honestly I feel much stronger about her than she does me, but I'm hoping she comes around. She is on our university gymnastics team and is an incredible athlete. I went to her meet this afternoon and was freaking shocked to see how much of her floor routine had "sexual" elements. She did her routine to "p'on da replay" and as an example she crawled on all fours, she shook her ass, she did this thing where she went up and down her body with her finger (including her breasts) and then acted like her finger was sizzling. And during all this, her teammates cheered. I was blown away that this sort of sexuality was not only allowed but encouraged. 

After the meet I told her I didn't think she should do that sort of stuff. She told me that it was normal for gymnastics and that her routine had been worked out for years with coaches and choreographers. I told her it was normal for strippers who danced for dollar bills. She told me I didn't get it. I told her that I didn't understand what was to get, I was her boyfriend and it was my job to look out for her. She told me "you are literally and asshole and way overstepping your bounds!" I told her that I didn't want to fight and she said it was too late. So instead of her going on a romantic date I had planned, she decided to hang out with her teammates. I am so upset because I was counting on seeing her tonight. 

Based on what she said, am I the asshole for thinking her routine should be less sexy and telling her so?I hate some of my Dad’s friends. One guy in particular is my Dad’s former carpenter. He’s a super Uber Christian and is a raging homophobe. I don’t mean like “oooo I disagree with gays politically no gay marriage sanctities of marriage.” He literally talks about gay people dying and burning in hell gleefully. He has mentioned how gay marriage will lead to sex with children and animals, and has said Russia has the right idea with the gay bashing’s. I have expressed to both my parents how much I HATE this guy and his homophobe wife, but they continue to invite these people to our house and force me to interact with them. 

So Carpenter pulls me into a conversation I don’t really want to have at the party. I told him about college apps and going to Cape Cod this summer with my friends. He commented “oh, God hasn’t burned that place down or thrown it into the ocean yet?” I was super mad so I responded, “Guess I didn’t notice, I was too busy having sex with other girls!” I apparently was really loud, because a lot of people looked over. My Dad immediately ran up and started doing damage control mostly “ohhh teenagers say the darndest things lol how silly!!!” But both Carpenter and his wife were mad at the “disrespect” and left. Now both of my parents are super mad at me but I’m mad at them for forcing me to play nice with this guy for so long, even though they’ve known I’m a lesbian for years.

AITA?I feel like I was in the right but my aunt, three of my siblings think I’m an asshole. I’m 31 and a female and I’m the oldest of ten kids my parents had me at 15,16 respectively. They both dropped out of high school and they got married when my mom was 17. My dad joined the military and they had my next sibling on my moms 18th birthday. My brother is 28, the other kids range in age from 10-27. I grew up taking care of my siblings, my mom and dad expected me to basically help raise their younger kids. Because of this I have no interest in having kids myself. My 23 year old sister pretty much took over my role and still lives at home. 

My mom is 46 she homeschools the 10,12,14, and 17 year olds. She has never worked although she doesn’t do chores or clean the kids chores cover that. Her and my dad bought a fixer upper he planned on fixing up when he retires in a few years, they plan on turning into an organic farm.

However now that’s all up in the air as my mom just announced this weekend she is pregnant again. She thought she was suffering from pre menopause..nope she’s pregnant. Thing is she also admitted she had not been taking her BC for the last year and had hoped to have one more child. 

I lost my cool because my dad has a bad back and he should have retired this year. Now with the new baby he is saying he may have to work another ten years. I told my mom she’s disgusting for doing that, and she had ten kids that’s plenty enough 


She burst into tears and ran out of the room, my dad told me to leave unless I was going to apologize and my 20 year old brother and 23,25 year old sisters told me I was an asshole. 

My 28 year old brother and my gf said I maybe could have said it nicer but they think it’s messed up. 

So reddit was I the asshole?Last Thanksgiving, my husband and I went to his parents' house. We are vegan, and they told us that they'll have some vegan food for us. So far, so good.

We went to her house for dinner, and she had a number of vegetable dishes on the table to share. MIL told us that they were vegan, so that's what we had. However, at the end of the meal, MIL decided to reveal to us that those dishes were cooked in butter. "See? A little bit of butter isn't that bad, is it? Maybe this will teach you to stop being so uptight about that whole vegan thing." she said. Of course we were not okay with her lying to us whatsoever, and she decided to tell us that we were being "entitled".

This year, we hosted a vegan Thanksgiving dinner at our house. My husband asked me what I thought about inviting MIL over, and whether it was okay with me given what happened last year. I thought about it and I had an idea. My MIL absolutely hates cucumbers and melons, and will not eat them under any circumstances. She will also refuse to eat zucchini, because they apparently look too similar to a cucumber. She also refuses to eat cilantro. So I suggested to my husband that we include these ingredients in every single thing we cook for the dinner if we are to invite her over. He thought about it, and agreed that she deserves it after the stunt she pulled last year.

So for Thanksgiving, we made a number of dishes: a tomato and zucchini casserole; a salad that included both cucumber, melon, and cilantro; some green beans and mashed potatoes, of course with tons of cilantro. We even added some cucumber and melon to our water jug as well. When she came over and saw the meal, she refused to eat any of it.

AITA?Yesterday I treated myself to the movies & wine and decided taking a Lyft would be the safest way home. 

The driver was chatty. I asked him about the house music he was playing because I liked it too, in hopes he would crank it up. Instead, he began asking me what movie I saw, kept bringing up my ‘boyfriend’, asking me if I liked girls and so on.

I found this topic of discussion inappropriate & honestly I didn’t even want to talk in the first place, but since I was in a locked car with a stranger, I responded casually that I’m not interested in anything & that I enjoy time by myself. 

That did not deter him from asking me out right as I was going to exit the car. I reminded him that I prefer to be alone and left.

Part of me says reporting him would make the ride more comfortable for other girls & also appropriate for my level of discomfort but another says that this man made an error of judgment and I should just give him a lower rating instead.

EDIT:  Thanks for all your thoughtful responses. I sent the report in and quickly received a message from Lyft expressing concern and interest in resolving the issue. Do I want him fired? No, hence this post. I just want him to be reminded on how to prioritize the experience the customer is paying for.

EDIT 2: This is my final say on the matter. This was not a flattering event for me. My ride was uncomfortable due to the driver’s lack of awareness & decorum. I too, work at a job where ratings matter. I do my very best to make sure that my customers feel safe and comfortable. I was a captive audience the whole car ride, and that was taken advantage of. 

I did not expect this post to blow up, but since it did, please read these responses with empathy and learn something today. Thank you.I live next to this guy William and his wife and daughters. He's a total busybody; I swear he's watching and commenting on everything I do.

If I have friends over, he'll watch from the porch and out the windows. He'll comment later on how many people I have over, how late I have them over, etc. Like complaining I had a party of 7 over till 1 am.

If my grass gets too long, he'll comment on how I need to spend a day a week mowing; I can't keep "going out 3 nights in a row" 

If there are cars parked in the street, he'll know which ones are friends there to see me. I know he knows because he goes right to mine and asks me to have my friends move their cars.

If I BBQ he'll complain about the smoke smells, and how nobody needs to be barbecuing for 3 hours.

Overall, I can tell by the stuff he says that he's watching me and my house wayyy more than anyone has any right to. Knowing when I'm there or not, who's there with me, how long, etc. I've never noticed stuff like that about my neighbors, I mind my business. 

Anyway, it's kind of uncomfortable. I've tried to be accommodating, "Ok, I'll move the cars. OK I'll be done barbecuing soon." I've also tried to ask for more privacy in the weirder conversations. "My friends and I don't really like it when someone's watching our comings and goings; would you drop this?" But I honestly I'm getting pretty bothered by it.

So this time, when he mentioned I need to move my trash cans inside sooner after the garbage truck comes; I told him off.

I said "I want you to know, I really don't like being watched like this. It bothers me." 

He acted confused.

I said "Look, I'm a woman living alone and it's kind of unsettling" 

He acted confused still, and kind of defensive.

I said "You're a father of two daughters. Think about if they came to you and said that a man they didn't know or like was watching to see when they're home or not, which of the other girls are their little friends, remembering which bikes their little friends ride and recognizing them on sight.. Watching when they're out in the yard, and what they're doing there. Think of how you'd feel."

He got upset at what I said and was saying "That's different!!" 

I was like "It's NOT different. That's how I feel. I'm asking you to empathize here, to understand how it feels to be watched 24/7 and not be OK with it! How that seems to have made you feel is exactly how I feel!" 

After that argument, he stormed off and has seemed to leave me alone for a few days. But I'm wondering if I crossed a line, what I said seemed to make him really angry but I didn't know how else to get him to understand. 

AITA here?

(Edited to add a bit of conversation I forgot)https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/eh4q3d/aita_parents_bought_younger_sister_with_serious/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf 

*UPDATE* So, my birthday was 11th of January, my parents were seeming nicer than usual the entire week beforehand, which might have been because they had time off work or they had a surprise.

The outcome was somewhere in the middle of what I was expecting though, on my birthday, they told me that they were sorry for buying my sister a car for Christmas when I deserved one and really needed it more than her, so they told me that they’d given me $10k to be able to afford something I’d really like and enjoy taking care of, and also to drive to and from work, to school/uni and everything else.

The outcome couldn’t have really been much better than this one especially since they originally said they’d help with 5k toward the car I want, so I’m pretty happy with it, not gonna complain anymore about the situation, I just hope they stop the favouritism and obvious extra love and support they give to my sister all the time.

Thanks for all the support on the original post, i think we’re around 7.7k upvotes as of now which is pre good, and thanks for all the messages with advice on the situation

Edit: The 10k upvotes make up for the 10k difference in money, thanks everyoneThrowaway.

About a week ago my twin sister passed away suddenly. I don’t want to go into the details but I am completely devastated by grief; I loved her more than anything else in this world. Even though I rarely got to see her in person we FT’d a few times a week and We were very very very close.

On the other hand I am not close at all with my parents, who are in charge of planning the funeral which is scheduled for a weekend that is a few days before my wife’s due date and will be taking place in our hometown which is about a 3 hour drive from where I live. I pleaded and pleaded with them to change the date but they’ve already paid and set down the non refundable deposit and apparently it’s the best time for all of our extended family who had to coordinate with time off and other things - so there’s nothing I can do in terms of getting it rescheduled. Wife cannot come because she’s been ordered to move as little as possible by her OB.

I tentatively brought this up with my wife and she didn’t even give me a chance to explore all the possibilities, she just straight up said hell no and she said that this would damage her trust in me because i won’t be there when she needs me the most which I understand but I cannot comprehend how she expects me to miss this. I just can’t.

I want to fly there the night before the funeral and then fly back the morning after or the night of. If anything does happen I can reschedule the flight or leave immediately but she’ll be in good hands because she’s got her family to take care of her while I’m gone and I’ll be on FaceTime with her whenever I can.

Today I brought it up again and I tried to be sympathetic with her but she still refused to budge. I then told her that I understand her position but that this is the last chance I’ll get to say goodbye to my twin and there is zero chance of me missing that, absent a catastrophic event. She accused me of abandoning her and she’s been ignoring me and acting cold to me

AITA?

Edit: to be specific: the funeral is 4 days before her due date.

Edit 2: just to clarify a few things - her complications are that if she moves around too quickly then she gets nauseous. She’s not on bed rest per se, just been instructed to kind of chill out if you know what I mean.

The funeral is scheduled for 12 noon on the day so I am perfectly fine with leaving around 8:30 then returning home whenever it is finished - so probably be back by 5, 6 at the latest. I have no plans to attend the reception and if for whatever reason I do then it won’t be very long.

Her family already does a heck of a lot for us, her mother Visits frequently when I’m at work or out of the house and her sister spends a lot of time with her. I asked them if they’d be willing to take care of her in my absence and they said that they’d be glad to do it.

Lastly because some people have gotten a bit confused as to my wording, I originally said drive there but then I thought about it and there’s flights Going from my city to my hometown, 9 departures on that day. So I thought it would be better to fly because the flight is 30 minutes so I’d be away from my wife for less time but some commenters have said it’d be better to drive in case something happens and I think they’re right. Some people have also criticized me about saying it’s “my wife’s birth” and she has been furious with me for saying “we’re pregnant” or sometimes “my child” because she prefers me to say “she’s pregnant” and “our child” or even “her child”.I was part of a meals on wheels program for community service in high school and met this wonderfully sweet old woman who didn’t have any family nearby. 

We had a lot in common, I had been considering a career in social work, she didn’t have any family nearby, and I didn’t have any living grandmothers so we became fast friends. 

She developed dementia and towards the end I basically moved in with her and cared for her in exchange for free rent in her home and groceries. (It was also out of my love for her, but I couldn’t have afforded to care for her full time if I also had to make rent.) 

She died and it was heartbreaking but I also saw firsthand how she was suffering in the final days, so it was bittersweet. 

She divided her will among her children and I equally. I did not ask her to do this, I never asked her about the contents of her will and the one time we briefly discussed it all we discussed was the house, not her savings. 

She left me 80k and change, and the same amount to her two children. A remarkable gesture and life changing for me, obviously. 

Her children are contesting the will because she apparently added me in around the same time her dementia began to rear it’s ugly head. They insist she was confused and had mistakenly come to believe I was one of her children and that even if she hadn’t mistaken me to be one of her children, that she was not in her right mind when she did this so the will should be invalid. 

I am very conflicted as to my responsibility here.  I would obviously very much like to keep the money but I don’t want to let how life changing the money would be cloud my judgment. I don’t need it so badly that it would be worth doing wrong by her or her kids. 

Am I the asshole?

Edit: Thank you for all the considerate opinions, it is going a long way in helping me process my role in all this.

Edit: Comment with full timeline of our relationship. https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cxsymc/aita_for_letting_a_dementia_patient_add_me_to_her/eyomkvs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_appI have 3 kids, a 10 year old daughter, a 8 year old son and an almost 7 year old daughter. My son is on the autism spectrum, but is very high functioning. Lately he’s been very mean, mostly to his younger sister. It’s been going on for a few months, and we’ve talked about it with his therapist, discussed it alone with him, giving him a lot of 1 on 1 time, we’ve tried everything thinking maybe it’s because he’s jealous of no longer being the baby. This morning I heard my 7 year old crying bloody murder and when I went upstairs to her bedroom I see my son with scissors and my daughters costume that we made together as a project was all cut up to pieces. 

I comforted my daughter, made him apologize and brought him downstairs. My husband and I asked him why he would do that and he said “It was ugly and I didn’t like it.” I told him that was the meanest thing he’s done, and that he’s grounded and can’t go trick or treating. He completely freaked out, had a tantrum, kicked and screamed and we just put a pillow under his head until he stopped and got our other kids ready for school. 

While we were getting the girls ready, I guess he called my mother and told her that we weren’t letting him go trick or treating and she called me yelling about how could I do that to our child and he has autism and he didn’t know what he was doing. 

My husband thinks maybe we also over reacted and we should let him earn the chance to go trick or treating but he completely destroyed his sisters costume and that’s not something we can brush off. 


AITA for not budging?


Edit: my husband and I have decided he will not be trick or treating. He has shown no remorse throughout the day. We are going to discuss this with his therapist when we see her later today, but this malicious behavior is not going to be tolerated and I will not coddle my son to be a shitty person and man. Thank you all for your responses.Long story short, my mum was abusive growing up which led to me cutting contact the second I left home. The main form of abuse was saying I'd never amount to anything, was retarded, work at mcdonalds despite loads of evidence on the contrary. Even after I received an offer from Oxford med she kept telling me not to bother cause I'd drop out which was so wrong looking back on it.

&#x200B;

Fast forward 7 years, I've recently become a qualified doctor and my mum wants to "try having a better relationship with me". We haven't met in person yet but have spoke over the phone where she seemed nicer than she used to be, but I insisted she called me "dr \[my name\]" or i wasn't speaking to her. At first she thought I was joking so I hung up and rejected her calls for a few weeks, and from then on she has used it.

My brother (mum was far nicer to him) has complained to me that I'm being a massive bell-end. To be honest I'm barely willing to speak to her, and not bothering at all unless she shows proper respect. AITA?

&#x200B;

I'm sure it's going to get asked and no, I don't insist on being called dr outside of work, ever. At work I don't care either and although many people do call me dr, I don't expect it or get offended by its absence.

Well this blew up. Sorry won’t be able to reply to everyone and thanks for the feedback.

&#x200B;

/biz/ 19.10.2019So I(20f), my parents and two other familys decided to go on a week long spa vacation to the italian part of the Alps. 

One day part of our group decided to do a bit of sightseeing, me included, and took a bus to the nearest city. The bus ride took about 20 minutes.

On our was back our bus driver was a young man, probably in his mid-twenties. One stop after we got on two young men, also mid-twenties, got on who clearly were very good friends with the bus driver.


After a few stops the bus driver asked us where we wanted to get off, we told him our stop and then he got back to talking to his friends.

Then something strange happened: The bus got off its official route. At first we didn't notice but after some time we realized this wasn't the way back to our hotel. After some time the bus stopped in the middle of nowhere right in front of a house, no official bus stop im sight. The first friend got off.

Then we realized the bus driver was driving his friends home. My mom asked him if he was still driving us to our hotel(bus stop), the driver assured us that this was the right bus.

We then proceeded to actually head in the right direction back to our hotel but then we again took the "wrong" turn and the driver dropped his second friend off at his house.

After that he finally drove us to our hotel, this time our bus ride took 40 instead of the previous 20 minutes. We were furious. Clearly, the bus driver thought that we as tourists wouldn't notice the detour.

So now we are debating on whether or not we should call the boss/manager of the bus company. So WIBTA if i complained? Or would that be too much of a Karen move?

EDIT: Okay so the mods locked the comments a few hours ago. To clarify: I am NOT from America, I'm from Austria. Some people seemed especially focused on the fact that i might be American and called me all kinds of names (cunt, entitled, i even revieved some messages that i should "kill my American ass") simply because they assumed i was American. I don't think it's fair to actual Americans to automatically get the entitlement-stereotype.

And a special thanks to those who have reached out to me to make sure i am okay!Pretty much says it in the title; whenever I initiate sex with my gf she winces in pain and says it's uncomfortable. Yet whenever she is up for it there seems to be no pain issue at all. 

Last night we were fooling around and I got her to orgasm through foreplay - zero issues or pain. I was pretty into it and initiated sex and instantly she was uncomfortable, despite me slowing down the pace. Finally after one thrust she yelled out in pain pretty much directly in my face which was the final straw for me. This has been happening for so long now yet she never does anything about it and tbh I doubt there is any pain - and if there is then she seems to be exaggerating it way out of proportion. I know that people will say no vagina, no opinion; but I know for a fact that I wasn't being forceful or rough so to downright scream in my face was totally unnecessary. 

She has no other symptoms or discomfort aside from this, and like I said if she initiates then miraculously there's no problem. It's not a lube thing either, trust me I've tried that too. 

I guess the reason I'm asking is because last night we kinda had a big fight about it. I lost my cool and told her how huge a turn off it is to see her face screwed up in pain all the time, and how I didnt think the pain was as bad as she was making out. I told her that sex was becoming really boring and I could pretty much predict how it would go each time. I also said the only solution  at this point was just to not have sex. She called me an asshole and went on the offensive. Said I have two moves and yet I expect her to be like a 'porn star'. 

So am I the asshole? Or should there be more give and take in this scenario? Can I insist she gets a medical check?

**TL;DR: girlfriend is in apparent pain any time I want to have sex, but is fine when she's the initiator. AITA for calling her out on it?****UPDATE [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/user/confusedbfthrowaway1/comments/bgi725/update_aita_for_not_being_able_to_accept_my/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) BC I'M APPARENTLY NOT ALLOWED TO POST THEM HERE**

I know how the title of this sounds but please hear me out. Also, this is a throwaway bc I'm pretty sure my partner knows my main account and I don't want her to see this. 

About a year ago my (20M) partner (25F) came out to me as polyamorous, and told me that she'd like to begin having sexual relationships with other men. She told me that, for her, it's not a case of wanting to date other people but more to make our relationship an open one where she's free to sleep with others if she wants too. I'm by no means an old fashioned dude - hell I even suggested we try out three ways for this, which she said wasn't the same - but I'm pretty into monogamy and told her that I wasn't necessarily comfortable with the idea of her sleeping with other guys. Note: I'm not judging anyone who *is* into this type of relationship, just that it isn't at all for me.

Long story short, she got absolutely hysterical about the fact that I told her I was uncomfortable with it, told me how depressed she was not being able to explore her sexuality to the fullest and pointing out how supportive she was of me when I came out as bisexual. I eventually caved and told her okay, but on the conditions that a) she doesn't bring anyone else into our bed and b) I don't have to hear about it in detail. She agreed and got on with finding other guys pretty quickly. She became noticeably happier after she started this, so I've just been kinda grinning and bearing it. 

Thing is, she's seemingly become completely disinterested in having a physical relationship with me since she started them with other dudes. I'm not someone who's asking for sex every single night, but at this point I'm lucky if we do it once a month and she never wants to be casually affectionate with me any more. It's gotten to the point where our five year old daughter has noticed, and has asked me why mummy doesn't kiss me goodbye when she goes out any more. It feels like we're just mates who share a bed. Conversely, she's going to meet other guys at least once a week and I'm fairly sure she's sleeping with them at least half the time. 

I brought my concerns up to her and she got upset again, saying I had no right to be mad bc she was sticking to my terms and that I was trying to police her sexuality. I'm now in a place where I'm completely torn. As I said, she's noticeably happier when she's exploring her sexuality to the fullest and of course I want her to be happy. And she really was very supportive of me when I came out as bi. But it's really killing me that she seems to not want anything to do with me intimately any more. I get that these guys are probably older and more experienced than I am, but it bums me out that I'm not enough for her. 

So what do y'all think? Am I being an arsehole and should I just get over myself and try to learn to accept her more? Or am I justified in being upset?

ETA: made a comment saying this but people are still asking so I'll post an explanation about how I'm 20 with a 5 year old daughter. When I was a teen I was in a very violent and toxic environment at home. A dude in our building who I would petsit for took pity on me when things got real bad at home and would let me crash on his couch if I needed to get out of my parents' place for a night or two. My now gf was his flatmate and made it apparent she was interested in me, thinking I was ~17 (age of consent in the UK is 16). I didn't turn down her advances because I was a dumb 15 year old who thought banging a hot 20 year old chick would be peak cool. Clearly in retrospect this wasn't a good idea, and no she didn't back off when she realised she was wrong about my age (obviously), but that's how that went down for everyone who's curious.I’ve officially been booted from my social circle and flamed by all my friends. We are all military families with young children and we have get togethers every weekend which includes booze.

One of my friends will drive home, with her 4 month old in tow, drunk. She insists her house is too close to uber and refuses rides from the rest of us. Her husband is trashed too. 

Granted, she only lives 15 minutes away, but that’s 15 minutes after shots and beer pong, sometimes stumbling and throwing up. 

Last Friday, she was almost blackout drunk. She tried to bring my dog home instead of her own kid. Her husband loaded their baby up and they were slurring as they drove away. I insisted they stay overnight but apparently their baby can’t sleep anywhere but her own crib. I offered to drive and they kept saying no. My husband thinks it’s not a big deal and all my friends kept telling me to chill, their house is so close by.

I picked up the phone and called 911 after sneaking into the bathroom. I gave them their license plate number and address. 

Apparently they blew really high BAC and child protective services are now involved. My friends are all livid with me and even my husband is pissed. No one wants anything to do with us and my husband keeps trying to explain to me that I violated friend code in the military community. I have been blocked by everyone on social media and we are furthermore uninvited to future get togethers. My husband is so mad!

I truly stand by what I did. Am I really the asshole here?! Everyone is so mad at me, am I just being a prude?! Help please

**Update:** Thank you so much everyone for your votes of confident. I do feel a lot better, and thank you for the gold! I am getting a lot of nasty messages saying that I ruined a family and I should be ashamed, but I think they would be worse off if they died.

An update on my personal life- we’re being interviewed by military police. The higher ranking people in my husband’s chain of command are really thankful that the report was made. The lower ranking ones (my husband’s peers) are pretty livid and any thanksgiving or Christmas plans made with my family have been taken back. We’re going to have to get used to outcast life for a while since we’ll live here for at least another year. My husband has calmed down but he has barely spoken to me and has been sleeping on the couch.

I’ve deleted all my social media accounts for now just because I’m tired of being in the middle of this. I think I’m going to take a small vacation and stay with my parents in another state, until I can get my head on straight. 

**Update 2:** To answer some of the questions people had about why I didn’t try harder. 

I couldn’t be around to collect their keys. I finished my shift and come home around 11pm (I work at a restaurant) and I just wanted to shower. Everyone had already been partying for hours by now. The baby started to cry and the couple insisted they needed to go. I offered to get them an uber or they could have the pull out couch or even our bed. I tried to get an uber through the app but my husband told me I needed to stop nagging and leave them alone. It’s not easy trying to convince a drunk person to stay if they insist on leaving.

No it didn’t occur to me to slash their tires or break their car battery.

I don’t know anything about calling their command. My husband is a first year in the military and graduated boot camp earlier this year.

I’m not trying to exaggerate how drunk they were, when I tried to get them to stay I could hardly make out what they were trying to say besides “she needs her crib” and “our house is right there!” 

To answer how they knew it was me, this isn’t the first time I’ve tried to keep people from leaving a party before. There is a group text everyone is in and they asked me straight up if I made the call. I said I did. I didn’t want to lie about it.I (29F) was playing a dungeons and dragons game at a local game shop that met up through an app and "Josh" the DM (22?M) was a part time employee there. We had a game every other Monday with only a few missed sessions and it was all going well. I was happy to play as I usually DM. Then Josh started texting me outside of the group chat.

It was just friendly talk. I was nice back but didn't really push the conversation along. After about 2 weeks of texting he asked about my personal dating life and I told him very clearly that I am gay and have a girlfriend of 4 years. After that he kind of retracted, but he seemed to take it in stride. Everything was fine at our next session

Last Saturday night I was home and he texts asking if I'm awake. I say yes and ask if everything’s ok. He says he wants to hang out. I tell him I'm in for the night with my girlfriend and going to bed soon but (redirecting here) maybe at our next session the whole group can plan a little DND Christmas party. He sends eyeroll emojis and says he'd rather it be us two, but "maybe \[my\] girlfriend can join too so \[we\] can worship his stallion cock” then sends me a nude. I tell him he's way out of line and he needs to stop texting me before I show everyone in our group. He begs me not to, so I say I won't.

He texts me the next day and apologizes and begs me not to tell anyone. He says he was blacked out and would never do something like that. I told him what he did was unacceptable but if he agrees not to text me inappropriately again I'd forgive him and not mention it. He agreed.

My girlfriend tells me I'm being too nice and I shouldn't forgive him so easily. I thought about it and decided she’s right and I should teach him a lesson. I waited til our next session. He looked nervous when he saw me but I just acted like everything was normal. I waited til everyone got there then briefly excused myself. As I was walking back, I sent a screenshot of my and Josh' text convo. I covered his weiner with eyeroll emojis. Immediate chaos. Josh went white as a sheet and everyone was shouting. He was stammering trying to explain but the store owner came over and yells above the noise and asked what the hell was going on. Everyone looks at Josh but he’s frozen so I hand her my phone to see. She looks and just tells Josh he’s fired and to get the fuck out of her store. He bolts and the owner hands me my phone and walks away.

It was really awkward after that. We all kind of gathered our stuff and made halfhearted plans to start a new campaign and left. Group chat was dead, but two of the other players have texted me individually and expressed that they were mad cause I ruined the game and I should have addressed it with him privately instead of embarrassing him and getting him fired. I just didn't respond, but it did get me thinking I maybe could have handled that better. AITA?

Edit: Holy shit I did not expect this response. I went to dinner and a move last night and woke up to over 1k comments. The thread is locked so I guess I can't respond to anyone, but thank you all for your input. Also, to the people who messaged me and called a "fag dyke bitch", please insert a glass jar full of bees into your rectum.I was at a diner this morning, eating alone because I'm traveling for work. It was absolutely packed and there was a family at the table next to me. Two college girls and their parents, it looked like.

The waitress came by their table and asked if they wanted coffee or water refills and the mom asked for more of both for everyone. Kind of rudely, I thought. The dad made some joke about how it's amazing how coffee just shows up, it must be magic or elves. 

Yeah it was about as awkward as it sounds. 

She came by my table and asked if I needed anything, and I asked for maple syrup, but "no rush, because it's mad busy here and it's not like you've got magical elves or some shit helping you out" 

I know the family next to me heard because the daughters started laughing about it, and the dad was glaring daggers at me when I ate my breakfast. 

AITA, reddit?I'm in high school, my dad is in his 50s and my stepmom is in her 30s. (Yeah it's as weird as it sounds) They have an infant son who cries all the time. Kinda sucks because I'm really stressed about school, this year is really important for my college admissions.

I'm really into camping and the outdoors. Making forest shelters by hand with stuff I find in the woods, camping, hiking, etc. (Like the primitive technology YouTube channel, but not as good lol). I've been camping and backpacking ever since I was little, with my mom.

My dad's house is on a lot of land and I've made a bunch of forest shelters out there, over the years, it's a hobby of mine. I know it's weird, but it's fun and relaxing. In the past, my dad had never had issues with me camping out there to test them out, or whatever.

Anyway, I hadn't been getting much sleep at all with my halfbrother and stepmom here. He cries all day and night, and she's an early waker who makes a racket first thing in the morning.

So thr last few months I've been camping more and more. It's cold but I have a really good subzero sleeping bag, i can make a fire, I'm comfortable. And I sleep like a log; I've always slept well in the woods and it's a whole lot better than trying to sleep in the noisy house.

It's causing such a fuss for no reason, my dad is saying he doesn't like the idea of me sleeping out there alone in the winter, and I said to him that he never had a problem with it before, he's been letting me do it for years alone and it's always been OK, it's not fair for him to take it back because he's probably mad I'm the only one getting any sleep.

My stepmom says it's disrespectful, my dad puts a roof over our heads and I go to sleep in my little forts every night? That it's like what a child would do, not a young lady. 

They haven't stopped me yet but I'm worried they will. I also don't see at all how I've done anything disrespectful but maybe there's just something I'm not getting?

AITA for sleeping outside?So there’s this girl in my friend group. She has a tendency to be kind of over the top and stretches the truth a lot. We all were hanging out over the weekend to celebrate another friend’s birthday. Apparently a few people had the idea to give her “pot brownies” and see how she’d react. The catch is that they had nothing in them at all. But they were banking on her acting high anyway to fit in with everyone else. 

I didn’t find out about this whole plan until I got there. Everyone else pretended to be high and so did the girl, predictably. I didn’t participate in that part but I also didn’t tell her it was all a huge joke at her expense. 

At the end of the night someone told her and called her out on always being fake. She got really upset and ended up leaving the party early by herself. I do feel bad for her but I also feel like she kind of brings this on herself sometimes because she’s always trying too hard. 

Again though, this wasn’t my prank and I probably wouldn’t have planned something like this myself. But it is what it is now. 

AITA?

**EDIT: Okay not sure why this post blew up like this. Wow. Anyway I get that people feel like we were all wrong in the situation. I said from the start I didn’t like how it went. But despite what people think, we are actually all still friends (including the girl who got pranked). I would bring the situation up but it’s now been like 3 days and I feel like it’ll just cause drama. If it does ever come up I will say I think it was wrong, apologize etc. Gotta say though, I find it a little ironic that people are literally telling me to KILL myself in PM while also lecturing me about being a bully.**My BF and I have been together about six months, he has one child with his ex-fiancé, she has three kids total. His ex **HATES** me, strictly for the fact that my boyfriend has moved on and it looks serious between us. She's made it clear that I'm not allowed to be alone with their daughter in any capacity because I'm *not* her Mom and I'm not going to be. She doesn't even like it when it's my BF's weekend and we go out together as a trio for a movie. She's gone as far as saying she'd call the cops if he ever left his daughter with me. \*She does this with ALL the baby daddies.

Around eleven-ish this morning, she starts sending me texts, hitting me up on Messenger, etc--asking me to come get her daughter, and keep her for the day.

Her reasoning? She got invited to a Super Bowl party and the other two boys were with their grandparents, and my BF had to work, so could I get off my ass and come get her? And keep her overnight?

I sent her a screenshot of her first text to me, the 'I'll call the cops!' threat and tell her nope, can't do it.

Thirty minutes later, my BF, his ex, and several of our mutual friends are all blowing up my phone and social media calling me horrible because I won't go pick her up. My BF left me a voicemail that I spent an hour crying over, nobody will talk to me, and I know if I post screenshots they'll just say I should have picked her up and made her feel special we had 'girls time'.

I'm still in pieces over it, I volunteered to go into work just so I won't be home alone crying.

AITA for not taking her up on the offer and spending the day with my BF's daughter?

Edit/Update; Apparently the Ex had posted that her dad had a heart attack and I was refusing to pick up their daughter so she could go to the hospital.

That's why everyone went nuclear.

But her dad is fine. Had a good time at his own party. Had no fucking clue he'd had a heart attack. Apologized to me for his daughter, says she's always been a handful.

I'm such a fucking idiot.My husband and I have been married for almost two decades. We have a daughter who is my favorite person on this earth. She is so fantastic. She will be starting her senior year of high school and is preparing to apply for colleges.

I was contacted recently by another woman, who informed me that my husband had an affair with her, and when she found out about me, he arranged to pay child support for their child under the table so that I wouldn't find out. She sent me a number of documents recording bank transfers, which I was able to match to transfers from our accounts, as well as photos of my husband with their child through the years. She also provided the dates of his visits to her, which line up with several of his business trips. 

I was totally devastated and took the time to think it over and verify everything before I confronted my husband. I have decided that I am going to wait a year until I tell him that I know and file for divorce. It will be a terrible year for me but I know I can fake it since he's traveling for work a lot anyway. I have decided to do this for several reasons:

1. Our daughter will be applying to college soon and will be starting a really important year. I don't want to blow her life up with a divorce and the bombshell that her father was unfaithful and now she has a sibling that neither of us knew about. 
2. My husband has many more financial resources than I do. I am well aware that if I file for divorce while our daughter still lives at home, he will leave me to care for her and will make me fight tooth and nail for monetary support and will likely drain me with legal fees, as he tends to be litigious. I make enough to support myself comfortably, but not enough to comfortably support myself and my daughter.
3. I fear that opening this door will open others. That is, I worry that he may have other children that I don't know about, which would only magnify the hurt for both me and my daughter, and I don't think that now is the time to handle it.

My question is, does my plan make me an asshole? I feel slimy not telling him right now and faking my affection for him, but I fear for my daughter's wellbeing and my own ability to support us. AITA?

Edit: just wanted to add that my daughter will be 18 in September, so child support for the next year isn’t as cut and drySo like 3 months ago when I was looking for a job my cousin suggested I work at the restaurant she works at. At the time I was like yeah that sounds cool, but had also just started working for doordash just to have income. However I actually enjoy doordash and delivering, plus I like the flexibility. So the place my cousin works at never called or replied to my resumes. 

However I just ran into her yesterday, 3 months later and after talking to her for a few minutes   (we ran into each other when she was walking into work) she said she’d tell them about me again. So she calls me yesterday and said they want me to interview today. I really had put no thought into taking the job or a new one at that cus I’m content with what I’m doing now. However I spontaneously said yes. But now the interview is in an hour and I honestly don’t want to go. But my cousin gave me a reference and said she’s excited to work with me but I just don’t know how to feel or what to do. Truth is I really am not looking for another job and one has just been sprung upon me. I know I accepted the interview but, idk....

Edit: I’m on my way to the interview now. I know for my cousins reputation the least I can do is show up. I’m just going to wing it and give it some more thought so if they call back and offer the job I’ll have a more thought out answer

Edit 2: the manager is 20 minutes late to the interview now

Edit 3: actually glad I went because the reason I was hesitant was because i thought they’d be hiring me as a host. However they said they’re looking for delivery and were interested in my doordash experience and said they’d cover mileage, include tips, and guarantee pay if there are no deliveries. That’s more than I have with doordash so I actually am interested in this position now. They set me up for another interview. Thank you to everyone here who called me an asshole and made me feel bad so I’d get my ass to the interview. Actually worked out in my favor.

last edit: it was definitely an interesting day. Initially when I posted this, within the first 3 minutes about 5 people said I was the asshole. That made me feel pretty bad so I went to go to the interview 10 minutes after posting. Edit 1 occurred 10 minutes after the post, edit 2 about 20-30 minutes after edit1, then edit3 about 45 minutes after. Glad you all enjoyed the read.I’ll just get right into it. My aunt had been staying with us for 4 months. We never saw her  often because she lives on the other side of the country but my mom took her in after a horrible divorce. I immediately noticed that she was acting a little weird/loony but I attributed that to having gone through so much with her husband. My brother (who’s 20) seemed to make a lot of effort to spend time with her but I didn’t think anything of it because why would I? 

I came back early from work one day and heard really loud noises. The more I listened, the more I realized someone was definitely having sex. I instantly thought that my brother brought a girl home or something because the noises came from his room. His door was somewhat open so I rushed past it to get to mine only to be stopped dead in my tracks when I saw the back of my aunt, clear as day. I instantly felt like throwing up and managed to get to my room without them seeing me. In there I pretty much collapsed, contemplated my existence and the utter fucked-up-ness of my family (I knew it was fucked up, but not like this) Then I just felt scared. I didn’t know what it meant. I knew it was wrong, very wrong, but not what to do about it. I was also honestly super scared for their well being, especially my brother who had already been abused by my cousin as a kid (my aunt and mother were also abused by my uncles. This what I meant by fucked up family). I just kind of panicked. 

So the next day, my aunt went to work and I knew she would be there late. When my mom came home, I instantly told her I needed to tell her something. I sat her down and told her exactly what I saw and heard and she went BALLISTIC. She stormed to her car and drove to my aunts job. My aunt never came back. 

My brother is now very upset with me. He told me that they’re two consenting adults and can do whatever they want and that they weren’t hurting anybody and that it was never my business. He has all of his stuff packed and he’s planning on driving across the country to be with her tonight. My mom is still livid about it and told every single one of my family members. They all HATE my aunt now and want nothing to do with her. This made me feel guilty because they used to absolutely adore her. 

Now I’m stuck wondering if I made an asshole move by “telling” on them. My family is a mess, my mom who already had issues has seemingly gone off the rails, my aunt is all on her own and my brother might never forgive me.

EDIT/UPDATE: My brother left late last night/early this morning to be with my aunt. I tried to stop him but he was adamant that none of this was her fault and that he was the one who started it and couldn’t let her deal with this on her own. He also said he’s been in love with her since he was a kid. Before he left, he told me that he isn’t angry with me and apologized for being upset before. I told my mom he left and she had no reaction.I am going to die soon. Well, I made peace with that fact there is nothing anyone can do. I don't have many friends. Only thing I like to do is gaming and reading so I just want to spend whatever time I have doing things I enjoy. My parents are devastated but they always maintain a happy face in front of me. My aunt is not happy with this fact I don't know where she reads things but she is suggesting to me and to my parents to do various things before I die like.



1)Family trip(including her family) to a foreign country to make happy memories. The thing is it will be paid by my parents and I don't want them to spend their hard-earned money on it. We are not that rich and how on earth any parent make an happy memory when they know their kid is going to die.




2)Writing a letter to 40+(all extended) family member. I don't want to spend my time writing a letter to relatives I didn't even meet yet.



3)Spend time with my friends(karting, baseball etc). When I told her I don't have any friends she suggested me to go with her son's friend. I dont want to do that too.




She was really angry when I rejected her every proposal and rambled about I am dying without enjoying life etc. For the next part, I think I am kinda TA she was once charged with drunk driving and has a terrible driving record. I told her she should also write a letter to everyone as knowing her driving she could die before me. She was livid and left quickly. My mother told me I am TA I should have simply refused her help. AITA?




Edit: I do have some friends but I am not that close to them. Also, I am not sad for death everyone is going to die sooner or later. What triggered me was her perception of enjoying life. I am extremely comfortable with my own ways and I don't want to either have much time left to learn new things. I just want to do things that I love reading playing games etc.

Edit1: When she suggested foreign trip my father insisted on paying for it. Trust me she was not looking for free trip.




Edit2: Thanks for response guys. Also, I am getting pm by kind redditors who are willing to give me a steam card or money for books. Please don't do that I am not looking for anything. I already have too much of backlog I am not sure whether I could complete that. Also, I am financially stable there is no need to give me anything. Rather than giving me that money donate it to any charity.One of my cousins, Peter just had a baby with his girlfriend a few days ago. Peter and all his siblings all have very stunning blue eyes which they inherited from their mom. They always get compliments on their eyes. Peter and his girlfriend posted a picture on social media of their baby girl today saying she was born on the 23rd and I decided to give Peter a call to congratulate him. When I called he was with his girlfriend and the phone was on speaker. I congratulated both of them and said their baby was gorgeous and that they’ll be great parents. I then asked Peter “did she get your blue eyes?” (in the picture they posted on social media the eye color wasn’t visible) Peter and his girlfriend’s tone completely changed and his girlfriend said “Jesus, why are you so concerned by the eye color of my baby. It’s fucking weird” I was pretty taken aback by her reaction. I didn’t mean anything by it I was just curious. I thought this was a normal conversation point. I tried to say I didn’t mean to offend her and apologize but she kinda cut me off and said they were really busy and they had to go.

I told my mom what happened and she said that Peter’s girlfriend is a new mom and is probably just emotional and thought I was insulting her baby but that I didn’t say anything wrong. However my sister said I was out of line and that the fascination people have with blue eyes is weird and there were racial implications since Peter’s girlfriend is biracial (half Jamaican). This didn’t make sense to me. I never said not having blue eyes was bad. My eyes are brown! I was just curious!

AITA here?

Edit: Yeah ok Peter called our family to thank my mom for a gift and we talked a bit. I apologized again for offending them. He accepted my apology but said his girlfriend is was really mad at me but she’ll probably calm down in a day or 2. he explained that they’ve been harassed by family members from even before the baby was born about whether the baby would have blue eyes and his girlfriend is very annoyed by people’s fixation on eye color and feels there’s some racist undertone to it since blue eyes are “white features” and that people think her baby would be any less beautiful if it didn’t have blue eyes. Apparently his mom said during her pregnancy “too bad she probably won’t have blue eyes” and his girlfriend started crying and refused to talk to her for weeks. I feel really bad now.
And he said the baby’s eyes are grey.so my wife (26f) and her friends decided to do a 4 day Vegas holiday, she saved up heaps of money to blow on the poker machines and picked out some super sexy outfits. 

I'm 27m

3 days into the trip her and her friends decided to drive drunk and they managed to get themselves into an accident, all 4 of them where extremely over the limit and it looks like my wife's friend might be getting jail time. (she was the driver)

they wanted to drive to this new bar that had opened. 

my wife's court date is soon 

she managed to break her leg and has been relying on crutches to get around. 

I've told her that I'm glad she just broke her leg and did not die, but I offer no sympathy for your injury. 

she is mad that I dont care about her and think that I'm being incredibly mean. 

AITA?Throwaway because I'm sure some people will find this controversial and I don't want it tied to my main.

When my wife and I got married we agreed that we would have 2 kids unless both were girls, then we'd have a 3rd to try for a boy. I'm a guy's guy and I grew up with only brothers so I feel strongly that I want a son to bond with. That's not to say that I don't love my daughter equally. I just want to raise someone to follow in my footsteps with sports and girls and stuff. After some convincing, my wife agreed to this but said that if the 3rd kid was a girl, we'd stop trying. Anyway, we ended up having one boy (8 years old) and one girl (5 years old). This background is important because you need to know that having a 3rd kid was something that was on the table.

Last month, our son told us that he likes boys. This is totally fine, I'm not a homophobe, but I'm starting to feel like I want to have a 3rd kid so we can try to have a straight boy. I love my son more than anything and I wouldn't love a straight kid more than him, but at the end of the day I wanted to be able to bond with one of my kids over traditional masculine stuff, which includes women. 

My wife doesn't think that this is a good reason to have a 3rd kid. She said that she would be open to having a 3rd kid but that she finds my reasoning disgusting and she doesn't think she can go through with it knowing the reason for me wanting one. I don't think she understands how special it is for a father to have a son who can follow in his footsteps. Am I the asshole or is she overreacting?My husband and I were having trouble agreeing on a name for our daughter, so we decided we'd each pick one and then decide which arrangement sounded better to determine which name would be a first name and which would be the middle. It wasn't an in depth conversation so we didn't discuss vetoes or anything. I genuinely didn't think there would be anything he chose that I would hate that much.

He picked the name Aryann (pronounced Ah-ree-ann). I don't know where he got that, but I'm Jewish and having a kid with a name so close to "aryan" is not okay with me. I suggested we change the spelling but he won't budge because he thinks it looks pretty. He thinks I'm reading too deep into it and that no one will think twice about the name "Aryann." Am I the asshole for wanting to put my foot down about this and ask him to choose another name?

edit- never mind, I showed my husband this thread to get him to change his mind and he started laughing because apparently he was joking. I'd be annoyed, but I'm too relieved that he's just obnoxious and not a complete moron.At a unit meeting the other day, my boss introduced two new hires, recent graduates who are training to become account managers. My boss told them that I am one of the top account managers in our unit and asked me what advice I can give the new hires on how to succeed at this job.

I said that our job is 30% work and 70% luck, sometimes you get big deals with minimal effort and sometimes you give it everything you have but the deal still doesn’t push through. But what’s important is to have good relationships with your co-workers because work is much easier when you have a positive work environment.

After the meeting my boss talked to me and he was not happy about the advice I gave. He said that he wanted the new hires to see me as a role model but instead I embarrassed him by encouraging them to be complacent since I said that 70% of the job is luck. He said that I know the advice I should give them is to set goals and work hard to achieve them as their careers are just beginning but I went with trying to sound cool instead of giving them the best advice.

I specifically avoided telling the new hires that they should work hard because I don’t work hard myself and everyone else in the room knows that. I’m not humble bragging. I was always an average employee, I just got lucky these past three years because even without asking my clients brought me their friends who also ended up doing business with me so the deals basically just fell into my lap. But even now I have a lot of lazy days where I procrastinate or I go on sudden leaves just because I don’t feel like working.

I didn’t want to be that person who doesn’t practice what she preaches, but should I have told them what they needed to hear instead of what I really wanted to say?

Edit: Wow this blew up.

Thank you to everyone who is worried that I might get fired or I won't be promoted because of what I said, thankfully promotions in our company depend on your performance. We have guaranteed merit increases as long as we meet their our budgets, and if you go over your budget you get a bigger increase. Unless I do something against company policies or I don't meet my budget for three straight years my boss also can't recommend my termination. Even then it's not my immediate boss who decides if I get fired, so I think I'm pretty safe.

I still believe that a big part of my achievements in the past three years is down to luck. I didn't do anything different than what I did the past five years. I was nice and accommodating to my clients before but they didn't refer any deals or the ones they did did not push through. I don't know what changed these last three years. But the reality is that the clients came to me and from there I just had to type some templated proposals.

In contrast I have coworkers who bust their ass marketing new clients on their own, they have good relationships with their existing clients but do not get referrals, or they make somersaults to sort out terms and conditions to make a deal happen but the client suddenly says he doesn't need the deal anymore. That's why I think that I've been lucky and I know this luck is not gonna last forever.

But I see your point that maybe I shouldn't have said what I did at a formal meeting like that in front of my boss.I’m a 29 year old guy who finished residency two ago and am now a pediatrician making >160k.

I got tired of being single for most of my life so I downloaded a few dating apps and met this girl (26) who works in customer service for a huge company about 9 months ago. We hit it off and officially became exclusive three months ago.

Overall she’s a really great person. But there’s a few things about her that bother me, and I’m not really sure if it’s normal or not because I’ve never really been in an actual serious relationship.

-I always pay for everything on dates. I know that I make more than her and it doesn’t necessarily hurt me to always pay, but she doesn’t ever offer to pay or split the bill and she just expects me to always pay.

-The first time she came over to my apartment she was literally shocked. I live in a shitty one bedroom apartment because I want to pay off my student loans as fast as possible so I still basically live like a broke college student. She kept making comments about how I should move out and find a nicer place that suits a doctor.

-She wanted to introduce me to her family right away. I thought the relationship is too new to meet the parents but she insisted. And when we went to their house, her parents only asked about my job and salary.

-When we went out and ran into someone she knows she introduced me as her doctor boyfriend.

These things, plus some other stuff made me realize she doesn’t really care about me, just that I’m a doctor. So I told her. She blew up, saying I’m insulting her and calling her a gold digger, and that she’s just proud of me for being successful.

AITA?

Edit:
1)  I wanted to clear something up, my apartment is NOT dirty. When I said I live in a shitty one bedroom apartment I just meant that it’s really small. Poor wording on my part. 

2) I agree with a lot of you that I let my frustrations build up and then I just accused her instead of trying to talk to her. This is my first ‘real’ relationship so I have a lot to learn. 

3) It’s true that she doesn’t ask me for money or for expensive gifts. I’m starting to think I was too quick to assume anything.

4) I did a dual enrollment program in high school that allowed me to graduate from college two years early. So that’s why I’m an independent doctor at my age. I’m also turning 30 in a few weeks.

5) Thank you to everyone for your thoughts! I totally wasn’t expecting this post to receive so many comments.So last year my brother moved in with me and my roommate. When he moved in his girlfriend started spending a lot of time at our place. This isn't a problem as my roommates girl friend comes over too. Here's the thing though. My brothers gf pretty much eats all our food. No matter who's it it she will eat it. Me and roommate have told her multiple times to stop eating the food we buy and only eat the food brother buys but she ignores us and eats our food anyway.

&#x200B;

We have confronted her and my brother multiple times and told them she needs to stop but she just says "tee hee, sorry but it's so good" and he refuses to say anything about it. We both have tried to talk him into going to her house insted of bringing her over but he doesn't want too. It's gotten to the point where both of us are considering getting a second fridge to put a lock on. 

&#x200B;

Well, we're both sick of it. Brothers gf is a heavy girl and weight is a very touchy issue with her. Well, recently both of us have taken to calling her miss piggy when she eats our food. If we ever see her eating our food or after she has we confront her and call her it. She hates it and has freaks out each time she hears us refer to her as it. Honestly though, she still eats our food and so we kept doing it. 

&#x200B;

Well, today when I got home from work his gf was there eating leftovers I had cooked last night. I told her "Wow, I love to come home to see miss piggy eating my leftovers that I was looking forward too." before I started oinking at her. She broke down crying and ran out.  She's been calling my brother furiously since and is refusing to come here anymore because i'm an "asshole".

&#x200B;

Am i? Like, we asked her so much to stop and she didn't that i honestly just lost it. We all buy our own food and we have a rule never to touch each others stuff. She knows this and she still did it so I think she deserved it.My wife and I have two kids, Kristopher (9) and Sadie (12). For Kris' birthday last Friday, my wife and I decided to get him a dog, which he has been asking for since he could talk and we feel he's finally responsible enough to walk/feed a dog himself.

My wife and I decided to adopt an older dog, not a puppy, and a medium sized dog, and preferably a girl dog because I've heard they have better temperaments. Other than that, it was up to me to pick one at the Humane Society and when I got there, I immediately fell in love with a sweet 30lb Pit mix with beautiful green eyes. When I saw her name was Sadie like our daughter, I thought it was a sign that she belonged with our family. My wife thought the coincidence was funny when I told her, too, which is important.

So I arranged the adoption and the shelter agreed we'd pick her up last Friday after a birthday dinner for Kris. I pretended we were stopping at another place in the plaza and went inside and came out with (dog) Sadie. BOTH kids were thrilled but Kris was the happiest I'd ever seen him, and everything was perfect until I told them her name. My daughter Sadie instantly said it was super embarrassing to have the same name as the dog and IMMEDIATELY insisted that Kris change Sadie's name. She kept trying to make him promise but she was already spoiling the birthday gift before we even left the parking lot so I told her we'd talk about it later.

Well, this week has been hellish. Kris is insistent we keep Sadie's name because she's 4 years old and has had that name her whole life. He says you wouldn't rename a 4 year old person and I think he has a point. I also think it's cute and funny that they have the same name. My daughter for some reason is mortified by this and won't even interact with me, her brother, or the dog. My wife, who thought it was cute at first, now says she sees Sadie's point and thinks we need to change the dog's name. I put my foot down because this is Kris' birthday present and his choice.

AITA for not wanting to change the dog's name?I'm a very tall woman.

I'm about 6'5. It's difficult but I manage. I'm out of town right now visiting my brother, his wife and their kids. My SIL is a kind of neurotic, tense person, a perfectionist, and she and I have never gotten along, but we're polite and civil for my big brother's sake. Plus, I love my nieces, so being nice to her is just carte blanche.

They have a small house so while I'm here they've had the younger daughter share a bed with the older one, giving me the five year old's bed. I knew right away that the little bed was gonna be waaaaaay too short but after my seven hour drive I just wanted some sleep. My feet stuck off the end a good foot and a half.

The next night I just took the pillow and blanket and slept on the floor next to the bed. There was a rug so it wasn't too bad but definitely not the best. The next day I waited until everyone was asleep and went out to the sofa. I was still too tall but it was better than the floor. Next day SIL asked me not to sleep on the sofa via text message after she went to work. That night I slept on the floor again and the next morning SIL came in to see if I wanted breakfast and found me sleeping there.

It became this huge thing and culminated with me leaving to stay in the only hotel in the small town they live in, which is a thirty minute drive from their ranch. Now my brother and SIL are pissed at me, the nieces are sad that I'm not sleeping over. AITA for sleeping on the floor or should I have just sucked it up?So Thursday, I went to a party one of my friends threw. It was your pretty standard college party and I got pretty drunk yada yada. When I went back to my house, I was stumbling around trying to get to my room. One of my housemates helped me to my room and told me to sleep it off which I planned to do. 


I don’t remember too much since I blacked out but this is what some of my housemates told me. My roommate was in the room when I came in and he said I kept falling off the bed and talking to myself. He ended up calling an ambulance for me and apparently the EMTs forced me to go to the hospital and threatened to call the police if I didn’t go so I didn’t have a choice. 

When I woke up in the hospital the next morning, the nurse gave me papers to sign and then let me leave. They also stuck me with a $1000 hospital bill for the ambulance. Since I was basically dragged to the hospital, I left my keys and phone inside so I couldn’t get in. None of my housemates were home so I ended up just waiting outside of the house for like an hour before one of them finally came back. On top of that, I missed my CAD class which is a whole different story. 

I was absolutely pissed with my roommate for calling me an ambulance. Not only did I end up spending the night at some hospital, I got a $1000 bill on top of it too. It’s one thing if I had alcohol poisoning or something like that but I literally just slept at the hospital and left the next morning. The housemate who helped me inside was on my side, he said I was hammered but it wasn’t that bad and I could just sleep it off. The roommate said he got scared and didn’t know they would take me to the hospital but that just made me even more mad since there was like 5 other people in the house at the time and his first reaction was to call the police rather than ask the others. So AITA?

Edit: I’m not mad at my roommate for calling the ambulance. If I looked that ducked up, I would probably do the same. I’m upset about the fact that calling the cops was his first instinct rather than ask the other roommates. I mentioned my other housemate said I was super drunk but I could sleep it off and my roommate instantly decided to call the cops. I didn’t get any tests at the hospital, I literally just slept there for the night and left when I woke up. Some of the comments are correct in that the American healthcare system is unfortunately part of the issue here. I was willing to endanger myself rather than pay a $1000 bill I can’t afford. If that makes me TA, then so be it.AITA for refusing to eat with my friend because he’s vegan? 

Let me explain.

I met my friend Alex in my second year of university when we were both cast in a play together. We hit it off with similar interests and decided to live together last year. 

A bit of background: Alex is a vegan - and I mean that as literally as I can. He is a philosophy student and LOVES debating. I think he also has a bit of a superiority complex. Alex talks constantly about the immorality of eating meat. He brings it up daily. He has posters of animated cows looking sadly at steaks hung in his bedroom. He has said, and I am directly quoting, that “Eating meat is the same thing as defending slavery because you don’t think the lives of black people have meaning.” He has said “Eating meat is the equivalent of joining and supporting ISIS.” 

He is not joking. 

He calls anyone who eats meat “carnist pigs”. He says this to their face while they eat. He believes it is his life’s mission to educate people out of eating meat and awaken them to veganism. If we are in line together in a restaurant and someone else is ordering, he’ll judge and mock them (out loud) for ordering anything meat or dairy related. He’ll constantly say “Hey, check this out!” and show you whatever vegan food he is eating, going into detail about the ingredients and where they come from. By constantly, I mean nearly every time he eats a meal, he does this. He’ll come into your room to show you his plate. 

Now, I don’t disagree with him morally. We’ve had dozens of debates on the subject philosophically and I concede on many of his points. There’s no doubt that eating meat is a morally fraut issue. Where I take issue is that he deliberately tries to make people feel guilty for their dietary choices. I have started eating out, or at other people’s houses. I’ve been packing my lunches in secret because I just don’t want to deal with him. 

If anyone tells Alex to piss off, he responds with “Cool, have fun murdering!” or “Enjoy your death sandwich!” 

So flash forward to today. We’re in line at a burrito restaurant. I’m ordering my usual thing, and he makes a comment about how I could fill my tortilla with veggies rather than support systemic murder. Similar to the crap he always says. 

I look him dead in the eye and tell him, “Man, if you don’t stop doing this shit when we eat, I’m not going to eat with you anymore. The way you behave is inappropriate and hostile and frankly, I’m not interested in being friends with someone who makes it their mission to humiliate people like this.” 

He laughed and told me to chill. I said I was dead serious. He hasn’t spoken to me since. Not sure the best thing to do here since our lease doesn’t expire until May. I’d love to be able to eat a pepperoni pizza in my home without being called a terrorist.

So, AITA? How should I go about navigating this? 

Edit #1: Obligatory wow, this blew up comment! Thank you for chiming in. For those of you saying this is pretty one-aided - like, yeah. I was mainly seeking advice on how to handle it going forward, and writing it down helps you clarify how crazy shit is when it happens. And I got a lot of helpful tips so thanks! 

For those asking why we are friends: he can be a great guy. We get along and agree on about 95% of other subjects. We have a history together now. I was used to him making jabs, but didn’t know he was this insufferable until we lived together. 

For those saying this is fake - man, I wish. I constantly tell him not to behave like a meme of himself. So I get why it might read that way, but he’s legit. I DID NOT BRING THIS UP but when “what makes someone good in bed” came up in conversation, my boyfriend asked me point-blank if I think he’s good in bed, and I said no. He’s angry because it’s not his fault I don’t get off, which is true. I can’t get off just from PIV sex, and he doesn’t like the things that do get me off (oral, kissing, foreplay). 

I’ve told him twice now, politely, that I’m unsatisfied and I’d like him to do x, y, and z to fix that (initiate, show some passion/lust, occasionally offer to do the things that might help me get off, like play with me with a toy). He agrees he knows how to please me, he just doesn’t make the effort because he doesn’t get anything out of it. So I said “well yeah that’s literally the definition of ‘bad in bed’”. He got angry and said it’s my job to “make” him do those things. I said “well I can’t enjoy it if I have to force you, that’s not sexy at all” and he got huffy and left. 

Obviously I’m very grateful that he’s wants to sleep with me at all (I dated my last boyfriend for five years and he really only wanted it once every month or two), but I don’t think that that alone makes someone “good in bed”. I put a ton of effort into my appearance/fitness, I show initiative and enjoyment in our sex life, I compliment him and make him feel sexy…he does none of those things. Otherwise our relationship is good though, so of course I’d never tank it over this. Was I supposed to just lie to my boyfriend? Am I the asshole here?This is something I did not put much thought into but since my Ex expressed her outrage, perhaps the internet can judge this. 


Without too much context, my Ex left me and our daughter Jo(not real name) many years ago and I have been raising her all by myself these years. She is 27 now, still living with me and works in a cafe nearby. 


Jo, while having the intelligence of a normal person(aced in Chemistry back in school), has the emotional maturity of a child. It does not take much for her to get upset or become happy, she loves praises and hugs, dislike strangers but warms up to them easily. She gets awkward talking to adults and loves playing with children, but would also pick fights and throw tantrums despite being 3 times their age. I can give more examples but I hope you get the idea. 


Me and Jo split the house chores and takes turns to cook for each other. We would also do "Goodbye hug" and "Goodnight kiss" on the cheek every day when we leave for work or go to sleep, separate rooms, to be clear. I would praise Jo if she has done her part of the chores properly as she likes praises, and also buy her snacks from time to time. 


I have not find another partner after my Ex because Jo would certainly be upset, and I have gotten used to staying this way. Jo has been single too(as far as I know) and has shown no intention of moving out, which I am fine with it. There has only ever been 2 of us in the house after Ex moved. 


My Ex, whose private life is not mine to share, paid us a visit some time ago, a long time in many years for an update on Jo. She was absolutely disgusted of our lifestyle. She said we were living like a couple which is not supposed to be, we are father and daughter for christ sake! She demanded that we seek therapy and have Jo moved out so that she can be independent and have her own life. Jo in turn, screamed at her birth mother and kicked her out of the house.  


I have nothing on my conscience as we never ever did anything questionable or vile. Therapy? We are both happy adults enjoying our lives. Have Jo move out? If she wants I won't stop her, but if she's happy here then she can stay as long as she likes. 


I do think I am not the AH who "ruined" my daughter's life with this "unhealthy relationship", but I shall leave you to judge. AITA?


Info: It is not medically proven but I believe Jo is not in the spectrum or has disabilities as many of you think. She is smart and functional and capable of living by herself(proven when I went business trips and left her home alone when she was in her teens, the house was kept clean and tidy), but she is also lazy and enjoys being spoilt. She has 2 close friends her own age, also single, and would hang out with them sometimes. I also believe that therapy is only required if it cause problems, and if she is happy with her life, even if it is a little out of the norm, I don't think we need any therapy.About 5-6 months ago, I (18f) started having problems with my ears turning red and getting a lil warm. I scheduled an appointment with a dermatologist bc initially I thought it was allergies. Turns out it had to do with the cartilage in my ears rather than the skin. I was referred to a rheumatologist, for whom I had to go make another appointment for, but I couldn’t get in to see her for 3 weeks.

While I waited, my ears got worse. To the point where I can no longer leave my room anymore. I have to sit in my room all day, in the dark, in front of a fan, with ice packs strapped to my head because it’s that bad. The burning is excruciating and constant. I can numb it with ice packs, but only until they melt.

ALSO during this time, my sister (23f) began to experience lots of issues with cramps and pain in her abdomen. It turns out she has an ovarian cyst which is causing her pain whenever she has her period. I by no means discount that fact that she is in a lot of pain. She is very very vocal about how much it hurts. Here’s where I’m frustrated, however.

Once I finally get to the rheumatologist, she basically sits down and tells me that I have relapsing polychondritis. Which is a rare genetic autoimmune disorder where the immune system attacks the cartilage in the body. Since it’s so rare, they don’t know what triggers it, and treatment is mostly trial and error. They worry about long term because cartilage is everywhere in your body, including the heart and windpipe. If my body started to attack either of those, it could spell disaster. Basically, it could flare up in the wrong place at the wrong time and I could die at a young age because of it. The possibility of a flare up in my heart is a major concern, and I just learned all of this on Wednesday.

Meanwhile my sister is having issues with her cyst again, and is wailing and crying. For sure she is hurting, but also I just learned that I could die at any point. My parents have elected to skirt around that fact, and haven’t offered me a bit of comfort about it, instead focusing on my sister. I am forced (through pure necessity) to sit alone in my room all day long, every day, and have been for the last few weeks. I am extremely lonely. My parents make minimal effort to check on me. At most it’s a brief four sentence conversation and then they go right back upstairs to take care of my sister. Nobody comes to talk to me, nobody comes to see me, nobody sits with me.

Tonight I made it it upstairs to get some food, and I saw my mom in my sister’s room, lying on the bed with her, rubbing her back and comforting her. And seeing how much my mom was caring for my sister while also forgetting me made me feel jealous. I don’t doubt for a second that my sister is in a lot of pain. I’m just jealous that I’ve been forgotten about while I’ve learned that I could die young & that I have an autoimmune disorder that I’ll carry with me for the rest of my life. AITA for feeling jealous?Little bit of backstory: I really enjoy Pokémon and play competitively in tournaments and open a shit ton of packs. Doing this means I have a very large collection of valuable cards. I still love at my parents house (I’m 18), and I keep them all on a shelf in my room. My nephew is 8, almost 9 and he and my niece is living with us because my sister abandoned them for some druggie on the streets. 

Anyway, a few days ago I got home from work and was wanting to edit one of the decks I had built for the tournament later in the day. I go to pick up a few deck boxes and a binder and found that one of my binders, and 3 of 9 deck boxes were missing. I immediately freak out because I have them all very organized and well-kept. My nephew has **a lot** of behavioral issues and gets in a lot of trouble both at home and school. He also isn’t ever really disciplined because it would make the situation worse(you’d understand if you met him and my family). So I go into his room to look for them. Lo and behold, there they are, scattered all over the floor, most of them taken out of sleeves, some bent, some of them was thrown in his backpack—oh and my binder was completely empty. At this point I was *beyond* furious and all I could mutter was “ Oh my God” over and over. 

After I pick everything up that I could find, I go upstairs and casually bring him back down to his room and then start screaming at him, and demanding him to find the rest of them. He kept saying he didn’t do it and he didn’t steal them, that they were in his room when he woke up and he thought they were his (keep in mind he lies about *everything*). So I get even madder if that’s possible and I smack the shit out of his leg. Then he starts screaming bloody murder and my nstep dad comes down and demands to know what’s going on. I couldn’t even get a word out before the child went up to him and said I was trying to kill him. My nstep dad coddles him and then gets in my face and threatens to beat me to death if I ever lay another finger on him. 

After they question him for about an hour, he finally admits that he took them to school and was trading and giving them away with his classmates. His punishment: a stern warning and no tv for the night (which he screamed and cried over). He also said he hates me and wished I would just move out and die. My parents then berated me for a while and essentially told me that I’m a child abuser and if I did that again they would have to call the police and have me charged with assault (mostly my nstep dad saying this, my mom understood what I did and didn’t make it a big deal). All in all I recovered most of the cards losing about 20 out of 250, but with all of the damage that was done to some of the cards I probably lost about $180 of cards. 

So am I the asshole in this situation? Was I overreacting by disciplining him because my parents don’t? I get that it’s not my place to do that, but I completely think that it was deserved and I honestly feel that I should’ve smacked him again. He goes back to school today and I have already contacted his teacher and explained the situation; thankfully, she’s going to confiscate every Pokémon card she finds and let me come in after hours to find which ones are mine. Sorry for the lengthy post but I needed to vent my frustrations. AITA? 

TLDR: nephew went in my room and stole approximately 250 valuable cards while I was working; I get home and find out and I smack the shit out of him. Then I’m threatened to be killed/ be turned into the police for assault the next time I put my hands on him. 

Edit: holy shit my inbox 
and to clear up a few things:

nStepdad means narcissistic stepdad which is a term from /r/raisedbynarcissists 

I made this post looking for objective opinions, I personally think he deserved it but what I did was wrong and therefore I’m an asshole. 

We made it to front page :O now everyone will know I’m an asshole D: 

Edit 2: I had the intention of replying to most of the comments but that’s no longer reasonable. So basic background is I’m 42, two kids age 14 and 12 and signed divorce papers in April after almost 2 years of it being drug out trying to get my fair share from him. The details of “why” are not important but I’m angry, embarrassed, lost and sad any given moment of the day. A lot of this has to do with feeling like I’ve been “replaced” by a 23 year old surfing instructor who is everything I’m
not. My husband and kids claims that she is just his friend and helping him learn his life long desire to surf but Jesus Christ...give me a break. 
 

My husband has primary custody because he had better lawyers who were able to manipulate some minor missteps on my part into the court seeing them as a huge deal. So this past weekend I picked up the kids and said we were going to visit my parents. They said they would rather use thier season passes to sea world since they spent all weekend with my parents and Aunt Stacey and Uncle Brian (my brother and sister who I didn’t even know were in town). I was like your dad took you? They said yes that my parents had invited him over to see everyone. I was devastated because while I don’t get along with my brother and sister (and my mom) they let my ex-husband know they were coming and not me. I can’t even let that sink in without tears forming. I sort of jested that “oh and let me guess Ms Surf Instructor was there too?” My daughter said “well actually we all went to her house in ocean beach because she gave Stacey and Brian lessons after ours.” That included my mom and dad. I was so devastated I took the kids back home and just went home and cried for an hour. 

When I was done I sent a furious email to my entire family how inappropriate they all had been and then not only hanging out with my ex for an entire weekend, but his little chippy as well is a massive slap in the face and the fact they didn’t even tell they were in town let alone invite me makes me feel so alone. 

My mom was the only one to respond and she basically said “yes it was rude we didn’t tell you Stacey and Brian were  here and we shouldn’t have done that. But we didn’t divorce Bradley, and we still see him as a son. This email along with your behavior over the last 5 years should really give you insight into why we might not want you at family events.” 

In so many words she called me asshole for sending the email, was I?

Edit : to the people installing their own narrative on my post, yta. Just read what I wrote in the OP for your decision, ok?Two years ago my late wife died in a tragic car accident. She was going to work in a snowstorm when her car was hit by an out of control semi-truck. She was killed instantly. 

Of course when I got the call, I was devestated. We had been married for just two years. Now I was only 27 and widowed. It took months of healing and regaining my faith in God and in this world to move. In part of that healing, I posted a tribute of her to my Instagram (at the time of her passing) saying all these things I wanted her to be remembered for. I ended it with "I will always love you, *name*, rest in peace my love."

A few months ago I met a new girl at work. We hit off really well and things picked up fast. She was a bit controlling, but I kind of liked it, that someone was really protective of me. It wasn't overbearing controlling, but just enough to make me feel cherished. A few days ago though, (and my now GF knows of my deceased wife), said she saw my tribute post to her and asked if I could take it down. 

I was really confused and asked why; she said "it has love, that is the present tense, do you still love her?" and "its been three years, you need to move on." 

I told her "I loved my late wife, and I have moved on, that why I felt ready to date you." She then said "if thats true, you should have no problem deleting the post." I dont want to delete the post though. She was still my wife, she died tragically, she deserves to be remembered for more than just being a wife, she was  great person - and a nurse, too. 

AITA if I don't delete the post? What should I say to my GF?So, the title is probably almost as weird as the actual explanation. Bear with me.

I've got the typical awful, overbearing MIL situation. The woman doesn't like me, hasnt for roughly 6 years now. Her son and I have been together almost 7 years. We have two kids. She's done everything from boundary stomping, criticizing our parenting choices, threatening to have our child taken from us and placed in her custody if we moved out of state, and threatening to call CPS if we didnt bow to her wishes. Suffice to say this woman is insane, and we DID end up moving 2000 miles away with zero chance of losing custody, obviously.

So, we are no contact with her off and on. Currently we hear from her once every 3 months or so and see her once a year. The most recent time she was in town, she gave my boyfriend an amazon alexa for the kids. It's one of the fancy ones with the screen and camera for video chatting. Now, maybe I'm just being petty because her and I obviously dont get on, but I'm not interested in seeing or hearing from her any more than we do already.

My boyfriends younger brother and his girlfriend, when they found out that she had gotten this for us, warned me to disable the drop in permissions because this woman was just randomly dropping into the device and accessing the camera into their apartment. So I was INSTANTLY suspicious of this fucking thing. I disabled the permissions, and the kids aren't allowed to use it unless someone is in the room anyway.

I was talking about how shady it was with our roommate, and he said that he had a MUCH better idea than disabling it.

Put it in his room, and any time he feels like it, he'll just jerk it while making direct eye contact with the camera.

I feel like disabling it is enough, but I would be lying if I said this wasn't a hilariously tantalizing prospect. Is it over the top to do this if I'm pretty confident that she WOULD just drop in and see this happening?

Thanks in advance!

EDIT: alright y'all, this has been wild. Thank you for all your replies. Whether you're in the asshole camp or not, it's been fun to read your comments! I'm not going to do it, as the general takeaway here is that it will cause a headache I dont need. But some commenters have given me some G rated alternatives that I'm definitely going to try. Thank you guys so much!This happened a little over a week ago and I still feel bad about it. So, my boyfriend has a bit of a hobby collecting knives. Switchblades, butterfly knives, he's pretty proud of all of them. Now, I have a small phobia of my own. My father was very abusive, and of the few memories I have of him, he was often threatening an infant me with a switchblade. As such, I'm very uncomfortable around them. My boyfriend will often point his in my direction, and when I get upset and tell him to stop he says I need to get over it. That I might need to use one some day. That I should know he'd never hurt me. I guess he feels like if he exposes me to it enough, I'll learn to trust that he won't stab me with it? But it's not like I think that to begin with, I'm just uncomfortable around them.

Well, he has a very intense phobia of a specific monster. I don't question it. For some reason, it's much more intense than my mild annoyance/breath stopping moment at the blades. He completely freaks out at even just a picture, shuts down, has nightmares for nights. If there's a chance of one showing up in a video he will whimper and whine and either stop it all together or close his eyes and ask me to tell him when it is over. I promised him early on that I didn't find it funny like some of his friends do and wouldn't use it to prank him.

Well, the other night after cutting some cheese with his stupid knife, he tried waving it at me, knowing how uncomfortable it makes me. So I pulled up a particularly horrifying image of his phobia on my phone and shoved it in his face. "How does it feel? You know what a phobia is like, right? Just get over it!" I tried to paraphrase him, and he got really upset. I feel like I may have gone overboard and honestly feel guilty, but he hasn't messed with me since.Im a 36 year old man with acute myeloid leukemia. The initial chemo put it into remission, but its now come back and its not stopping. 

I have been on my second run of chemo for two years, and there has been little to no improvement. Just delaying the inevitable. Most people with leukemia die after 5 years. Mine is even worse.

I feel sick everyday. I used to lift regularly and now all my muscles are basically gone with excess grandma skin on my arms and legs.

I lost so much hair at the top of my head i just started shaving it off.

I cant have sex with my wife anymore, when i try i cant maintain erections. I have pissed myself multiple times over the years in my sleep. I cant eat steaks anymore because of my stomach.

I cant play with my daughters and everytime i go to one of their soccer matches i get weird looks and take all the attention off of them.

I just dont have any fight left anymore. I repeat to myself everyday, "its over, and thats ok".

The truth is i haven't accomplished much in my life. I wanted to be a writer when i was younger but i ended up as an office manager at a car dealership. I always said i would do it later but then the years sort of piled on. I had one life and i wasted it, but so do most people i guess.

I am proud of my wife and daughters. They make me very happy. They haven't accepted that its over yet but i have. My wife means well but she wants me to stay in treatment long enough to put it back into remission again. I dont see it. I just think we need to come to terms with this.

I do not just want to lay in bed all day. I want to travel for these years i have left. See the country. Maybe go to italy or japan or the uk. I want to experience this planet in ways i never thought about before.

I told my wife this and she says im being selfish and im giving up. I dont see it that way, i feel more alive now than ive felt in a long time. I feel like i have no fear of trying scary things or writing a book or travelling to a jungle.

Ive spent so many years wasted. She says she wont stick by me if i do this. AITA?I honestly feel like the biggest asshole on Earth.

I have a 16 year old son with severe physical disabilities. He uses a motorized wheelchair and requires help to get in and out of it.

My husband and I are in a friends group of families with similarly disabled children.

My son recently announced that he is dating a 17 year old girl from the group. My only problem is that this girl has severe mental and physical disabilities. She has the mental capacity of a young child, is mostly nonverbal and has tics that will cause her to hit other people in the vicinity.

My son has zero mental disabilities. I was very uncomfortable with this relationship because of the huge difference in mental capabilities. My husband felt the same but not as strongly. 

However, literally everyone in the group has been thrilled about this "romance". Especially the girl's parents. They are talking about the two getting married for heaven's sake.

I thought that I'd just wait it out and have our son realize on his own that he cannot have a meaningful relationship with this girl.

But it's been 5 months and it's only getting worse.

I ended up putting my foot down and informed both my son and the girls parents that this relationship was completely inappropriate. Especially since my son has now started being hit by the girl during her tics and he is physically unable to defend himself. My husband supported me in this.

We have become enemy number one ever since. The parents have attacked us through texts and have turned everyone in the friends group against us.

But the thing that has hurt us most is our son's reaction. He has accused us of ruining his one shot at love. 

We've been to family therapy but my son has decided to ignore us completely not give us the silent treatment. My husband and I have decided not to cave.

Are we the assholes?Hello! I posted here before about this girl before because she used to constantly have the heat on in summer. We got that worked out but now everything else is a problem.

I just started college as a freshman at an art school and they gave us the option to join dorms that had our interests and find people to live with who are like us. Our dorm is like an apartment, with two rooms that two people share. The rooms are a bit small but the living room is a big empty space with a couch and a sad little table. 

Me and 2 other girls got put into this dorm for gamers and then we had a guy as our 4th so they had to switch us for this last girl very quickly. She's nothing like us, which wouldn't be an issue if she wasn't how she is. 

The first issue that I had with her was the fact that she had the heat on in the dorm, but she got a heater for herself and that got worked out. 
The school has a wall in each dorm that they specifically let us draw on, it's strange but I like it. The 3 of us are illustration majors while this girl is a photography major. We started drawing on our wall and this girl made a fit about it, saying how we didn't ask if she'd be okay with it. 

She had a 'meeting' with us where she complained that we made the living room a 'gaming room' because my roommate brought her monitor out and plugged in my switch and we played super smash bros one night. It was super fun to me

This girl has had friends over but complains when I have mine over, and I heard her talking to her friends about us. I have a class with one of her friends and he just kinda gives me weird looks the whole time. When me and my roommate were walking, her friends were sitting on a bench talking and when we walked by they all stoped talking and gave us weird looks again. 

She's vegan, and yesterday sent a long message about how when we make meat we need to clean extremely well for her in the kitchen and stuff, which I understand but it was just so annoying how she she wrote it. 

Well, last night I bought a fluffy black rug for the living room in our dorm. I thought it would look nice because of the big empty space. This girl went OFF. she said black is ugly and hides dirt, and I should have consulted everyone when getting a rug. I got this rug because me and the two other roommates went to Target and she didn't wanna come with, and when we saw rugs we thought it would be cool to get one for the living room. When I was out, I picked one up with everyone's happiness in mind. I told her "nobody consulted me over the dish soap" and left. That was probably a bad thing to say but I was mad and sad.

She sent me a long text this morning about how I'm nasty for the soap and the black rug and immature and all these things. I'm just hurt honestly, but maybe I'm the asshole and she's reasonable.

Am I the asshole?

Update: I walked into the living room yesterday to the rug rolled up in a ball, so I just decided to put it in a corner as I didn't want to cause more drama. I sent her a message apologising and asking if we could talk like adults and she's been blatantly ignoring me and being very friendly in our roommate group chat as well as to the others in general. It's hard to just let this go as it makes me feel like trash. I genuinely miss living alone.

Edit: I emailed the RA for my floor and he and i talked about the issues I was having, hopefully we'll have a dorm meeting with an RA to help and if she wants there's an option for her to move to a different dorm

Edit 2: telling me to drop out of art school is not helpful in any way and your opinion is not wanted. I worked hard to get here and my college tuition was paid for by scholarships and the generosity of others. please respect my decision to be here.I live close to an elementary school. Every day a small parade of children walk in front of my house on their way to and from school. My girlfriend and I just finished building a small retaining wall of brick along the sidewalk and have noticed it regularly being walked/climbed on. The wall is about three feet tall.

Originally we were going to plant a lot of flowering bushes along the top of it but we're pretty sure they will be destroyed slowly by the daily coming and going of the kids. We also don't want to be liable for anyone falling and getting hurt. We were at Home Depot to buy flowers the other day when we saw some neat looking bushes that are also a bit pokey. That's when I got the idea to use them as a deterrent. So, will I be the asshole if I plant them along the top of the wall?

**Thank you for the different plant suggestions! Keep em comin! I live in a zone 7 climate.

** There seems to be a minority rising that think I'm out to fuck these kids over and that is very much not the case. I just don't want them climbing all over the wall, which is already happening. I used the term "pokey bushes" intentionally as I just want a *deterrent*. Something that is more scary than damaging but will be effective if they actually try anyway. (lol, the people suggesting cholla catus!)

**Due to demand, I'll try to post pictures when it's done. Weather permitting and plant availability it should hopefully be done by Wednesday.

\*\*[Here are the pictures of before and after.](https://imgur.com/a/Llp70U9) Sorry they're a little late; it was just my GF and I working on it. The pictures aren't super great and unfortunately, the plants are still quite small as they have just been planted. We're also not done landscaping this portion. Need more fabric to stop weeds and we are going to put something over it(mulch or my GF wants some small black rocks). As for the pokey plants, the plant nearest to the camera is *wild rose* and following the wall we planted a few *lantana*. Both of which should grow out over the wall in the next two years or so. Behind those we have some random white flowers, some salvia and lavender. We then planted a little fig tree and two lilacs on either side of the front door. In the background to the right we planted a jasmine to grow alone the fence. If someone wants to remind me, I can take pictures again next year for some plant growth progress.Obvious throwaway because I have friends who know my personal account.

&#x200B;

So I've known my wife for 9 years, we dated for 5, and we've been married for just under 6 months.  She comes from an insanely toxic family, she was emancipated at 16 and to this day refuses to speak to any of her family. They are all addicted to meth and her sister to meth + anything she can get her hands on. Her sister has 3 kids, ages 9 months (F), 6 years (M), and 13 years (F). My wife began taking care of these children when the first was born when she was only 7 years old because no one else would. For whatever reason CPS never took the kids away despite near constant monitoring and the last my wife knew of these kids was 3 years ago when she permanently cut her family off. 

&#x200B;

Her parents always assumed she would adopt any children her sister produced (this actually was the beginning of the rift that led to her cutting her parents off) and were never shy about it. When we started dating (She was 15, I was 17) I told her that if she adopted those kids then the relationship wouldn't work out because if I am having kids they are going to need to be my own **(EDIT: My mind was going at a million miles per hour when I typed this. This is not an all-encompassing statement. When I typed it I was focused on my current situation. I would not be opposed to marrying someone with kids already, I just expected to never raise these children and I do not want to.)** . She agreed and said she had no desire to ever adopt those kids. 

  
I just deleted like 5 paragraphs worth of useless details because I'm just ranting. I will just get to the point, so out of the blue last week she tells me that she feels guilty about leaving the children behind and she is planning on reaching out to her sister to formally adopt them.  I told her hell no, I made it clear very early on that I do not want to raise those kids. She told me that she assumed I would "grow out of it" and accept them. We argued and have been arguing over and over for days now about her decision. She has since reached out to her sister and has started the process of adopting the children. The oldest girl is pregnant, the middle child is a decent kid, and the youngest one only got out of prenatal ICU 5 months ago due to the mother's incessant abuse of drugs during pregnancy.   I am 22, she is 20. I think even if I wanted to adopt these kids I would still want to say no due to our age and financial situation (She works at a make up store, I work at a grocery store for fucks sake)

&#x200B;

I haven't straight up told her that I am planning on leaving yet but I've already told my parents that if she doesn't stop then that is my plan.  Am I the asshole here?

Later on edit: Wow, I cannot believe how much vision this got. I'm reading every comment. I really appreciate everyone's insight and perspective (even the incel guy)**EDIT 2: Since the post has been locked, it’s now escalated to several (yes, several) threats/people wishing me death via PM and the chat function. I am screenshooting and reporting to admins. Hopefully something is done about this behavior. I get that those sending these messages are likely teens themselves, but that doesn’t make it okay. Despite my daughter’s problems and poor judgment, I am grateful that I didn’t raise someone that hateful and disturbed. For those who care, she is going to live with her father and moving before the end of the month. He’s agreed to it, and I’m hoping it gives her a fresh start.**

I won’t go into the sordid details.  She’s an older teen and has had lots of issues since she started high school, mostly stemming from rebellion, I think. Her father always played the “Disney dad” role (because she only stayed with him every other weekend + summers/holidays). So discipline was solely on me. She’s 18.5 but hasn’t graduated high school yet and has no real plans with respect to work or college. (She would have already graduated but that’s a whole other story). 

What I mentioned in the title was my final straw. I trusted her to leave her alone but ended up coming home early when my plans got ruined last minute. (Was hanging out with a group of friends, but the host’s kid got sick, so we all ended up leaving early). So I walk in on my daughter in my bed with some guy I don’t even know. 

I told her I have had it and she’s going to live with her dad. That means she’s either going to have a 45 min commute to school or transfer. I don’t really care which at this point because I am at my breaking point. If her dad won’t take her in full time, she can go live with friends, I guess, but I’m not planning on giving financial support. (My ex and I had a CS agreement that ended at 18, no caveats). 

Am I wrong for reaching my limit with this extreme boundary cross? My sister thinks I’m being harsh. I said, in that case, she can take her! But at this point, I feel like I’m done.

**Edit: I came here for judgment, but some of the comments implying that I might have “abused” my daughter or that I somehow “deserved” for my space to be violated this way because I’m a “shit mom” are really shocking. I won’t be participating in this thread anymore. I’m fine being told I’m wrong and listening to different perspectives.  But being personally degraded just isn’t for me.  I’m out.**Throwaway account because my boyfriend is a Redditor.

I received a wedding invitation a few weeks ago addressed to “Mr. (boyfriend) and Ms. (me).” I’m a doctor, and consider it proper etiquette to have my title included on a formal invitation. The RSVP card space where we were expected to write our names read “M________”, so I crossed out the M and wrote “Dr. (my name) and Mr. (my boyfriend).” This isn’t a casual backyard wedding, it’s black-tie.

I was expressing my annoyance to our mutual male doctor friend, and found out that she addressed his invitation with the appropriate title.

The bride-to-be messaged me today to tell me that she thinks I’m being pretentious and that my correction was obnoxious. I didn’t mention that I knew she had used the doctor title for our other male friend, but I was tempted.

So guys, AITA?

EDIT: I’m a DVM, my friend is an MD. My correction was related to formal invitations/place-cards. No, I will not be introducing myself as a doctor nor insisting that anyone call me doctor at the wedding. The groom is my friend from high school and introduced me to my current boyfriend. I have less of a relationship with the bride, but I am her vet.I’ve had a spider in my office space for a few months now. She’s a cool, small, little thing who chills near my desk and occasionally I bring her lil treats to eat. Sometimes she disappears and sometimes she comes back. I’ve named her. I like her. 

My colleague Michelle is aware of the spider, and is always complaining that it’s a pest and needs to be killed. Recently she saw the web, not even the actual spider, and started an official whiteboard scoresheet if anyone is in favor of the spider being removed. Apparently she’s super scared and terrified and being even a little bit close to my office is enough to make her jittery. 

Luckily most people voted that the spider stays, but a few of her friends wrote some strongly worded notes that the spider is a sign of poor housekeeping etc. I must admit I was a little peeved at this, especially because we are a pet friendly workspace and Michelle’s own dog comes in to work sometimes and we have people who are genuinely frightened of dogs and Michelle doesn’t bother keeping her on a leash or anything. 

It came to a head when we had a meeting and Michelle bought up that she refused to go into my office because of the spider and she was scared of it. My boss was a little irritated and told me to remove it or kill it, I straight up refused and told him he wouldn’t ask Michelle to remove her dog and the spider is a LOT less threatening than a poorly behaved dog. He ultimately agreed and since then all she’s done is go on about how I don’t care about her feelings and that I must enjoy watching her suffer.I've been in my property for one year. Since then, not once has my "Karen"neighbour wished me good morning or even said hello when we cross paths, or introduced herself when I moved in.

Instead i have had 2 passive aggressive notes through my door, one complaining about crisp packets and sweet wrappers in my front garden (this is actually my other neighbours disabled son who doesn't know any better)

"Hi, can you please not throw litter in your front garden" 

and another just recently about my gate banging in the wind (it doesn't, I checked) 

"Hi just to let you know your side gate isn't bolted and bangs during the night" 

This morning she had a builder commence building her a new shed at 0720 on a Saturday morning, crashing wood around and using a loud saw/hammering waking me up. 
I KNOW I would have got another note for this. 

I wrote one myself

"Hi, just to let you know that a builder was sawing wood in your garden at 0730 this morning. You may now stop posting passive-aggressive notes through my door" 

Am i the asshole, or just petty?

UPDATE : 

Karen my estranged neighbour replied by posting another note through my door

" I was not being aggressive, I was just letting you know your gate was unlocked that was all!!!"
The "That was all" had two exclamation marks and was double underlined so i guess this means it's war... (joke)

Funny thing is she didn't even mention the builders or apologise for the previous notes or this mornings noise. Why mention the noise my gate was making at all if she just was just wanting me to me to bolt it? Why mention the rubbish at all if I can see it right there? I'm not fucking Stevie Wonder Karen....
She currently has her boyfriend parked in my second parking space, I don't use it often but it's the principle to at least ask first (now that's petty)

I should also add that i'm British and leaving notes through people's doors that you haven't been introduced to (or even acknowledge their existence with a slight nod when you cross paths) is not the normal neighbourly etiquette...

Cheers for the input guys, pretty split decision so far keep it coming.My niece is living with my family and I due to some personal reasons. She moved in right at the end of the school year last year. This year, she started high school. In our state, you have to have two years of PE to graduate. My niece asked if she could do it online like my kids, and we said sure, no problem. 

The way the online program works is pretty simple. Over a 180 day term (plus weekends) students must clock in 60 hrs of physical activity on a Fitbit provided through the school. There aren’t set exercises or anything like that. The students do whatever they want, and as long as the Fitbit registers it, it counts. For example, my son and one daughter got theirs through sports, but my other daughter looks up dance routines on the computer. 

Also, the 60 hrs can be divided however a student wants. They can do an hour a day and be done in two months, or they can do 20 minutes a day for the whole 180, or any other combination, as long as it gets done. There are smaller goals throughout the year, like 30 hrs by midterm in December and 15 hrs by the end of October. 

My niece hasn’t met these goals. In fact, she hasn’t registered a single minute of what the Fitbit counts as real physical activity. And she says it’s not a malfunction. She thought that walking to class and drama (even though by her own admission they mostly stand and read) would be enough. She said that between homework and drama, she didn’t have time for exercizing. 

Our house rule is if you fail a class, you’re pulled from all extra curriculars, no matter your other grades. My wife and I called the school and told them we were pulling my niece from drama and why. 

Now her parents are furious. Her mom all but said it was abuse. My brother can’t believe we’d pull her from something she loves so much w/o consulting them, even though when we asked for input on what classes to put her in, they said that we should trust our judgment.

I don’t know. AITA for pulling her out of it?


Edit: I was unclear; my apologies. She has failed the class by not meeting this goal. They have officially removed her as of this evening. 

Before anyone jumps on me, I didn’t explain properly. The students can do as they wish with logging the time, as long as they meet each smaller goal.


Edit 2: It seems most people think we are assholes, however, those people seem to be overlooking that two credits of PE are required for graduation. This class is not a simple elective which can be forgotten. As such, our punishment stands. She will stay out of drama until next year.  

I am deleting this account as it was a throwaway meant to ask what was, in hindsight, a stupid question.I have a 18 year old daughter who lives with me. She’s in college so I let her live here rent free. I also have 3 other children who are 11, 6 and 2. My 11 and 18 year old share a bathroom, and the 6, 2 year old and myself use mine.

My daughters bathroom is currently out of order due to some pipes so we’ve all been sharing mine. 

My 18 year old daughter has been taking long long baths lately, and I know why. She’s masturbating. It’s uncomfortable but I want her to know her body.

But she’s been leaving her vibrator on the counter when she leaves my bathroom. I’ve told her 4 separate times she needs to take it with her, because her siblings don’t need to get a hold of it and if she keeps doing this I’m going to get rid of it.

This morning it was once again left on my counter, so I threw it away in the outside trash. 

She stormed into my bedroom while I was getting ready yelling at me about how dare I throw away something she paid for with her own money, and I’m just trying to shame her blah blah blah. 

It was a relatively expensive vibrator, and I do feel slightly bad about throwing it away instead of just reprimanding her again, but I feel like I had to because she wasnt listening.


AITA for throwing away my daughters vibrator?

ETA: I’m her mom. I’d be fucking mortified if I was her father and I knew my teenage daughter was masturbating in my bathtub. My husband and I are divorced.

ETA #2: I thought about hiding it, but I know my child, she would get another one and keep doing it. Doing something extreme like throwing it away was the only way to get my point across. While yes she is an adult and she bought it with her own money, she lives in my house with 0 bills, 0 responsibilities. She goes to school (which I’m SO PROUD of) and she works part time. Other than that, I care for all her needs. This is my house and my young children and she didn’t respect my boundaries I tried to gently but firmly set the first time. Maybe that makes me the asshole and I will full heartedly accept that.


Last edit but I’m fixing the bathroom. I’m not just leaving it alone, but it takes a while. This has only been over the course of a week.

Also I don’t think I’m the asshole and I think I’m completely justified but I’m not gonna delete the thread because 1) it’s on the front page and 2) there’s some good discussion going on.

Also, i am 35 years old. I had my eldest daughter at 17. I’m not some old ass boomer. I’m pretty young.I went to Applebee’s with a friend and noticed a promotion on the menu where you get your food free if it doesn’t come out in 10 minutes or less. I thought that this was a bold claim and decided to put it to the test. After the waitress took our order, I put a timer on my phone and put it in front of me on the table. It felt weird to do it, but I wanted to have some sort of proof so that they didn’t think I was trying to scam them. Sure enough, 18 minutes passed before we got our food. I showed the waitress my timer and she apologized and said that she’d waive the bill. After we finished, I made sure to tip double of what it would’ve been without the promotion. AITA? And how would you deal with a promotion like this?

Edit: I actually found the ad online. Turns out it was 12 minutes or less. Doesn't really change anything, but figured I'd still mention it.My grandma and mom asked if they could host a party at my place which happened yesterday. The reason why they asked for my place is because it’s centrally located to all my family members and it’s a home that’s been in the family for generations (I inherited it) so everybody is familiar with it. 

Now I have an old girl, Sierra, and she’s 11 years old. She has arthritis and one *really* bad hip, but she’s a golden so obviously she wants to be right in everybody’s business and see what’s going on even though she can’t really walk around without being in pain anymore. 

I got her a really huge armchair from goodwill and it’s basically super wide so she can comfortably sit on it. It’s covered in dog hair and scratches and slobber and she loves it. No one else sits on it apart from her. Now sorry for TMI but I reinforce training my dog to sit in that chair because sometimes she has accidents and I sometimes have pads down on the chair, usually it’s predictable times such as the evening, BUT if I was to move her to the couch where she knows she isn’t allowed for the party that might confuse her. 

My cousin has always been big her entire life but in the last few years she has become very very big. She she needs to use scooters to get around and she has a disabled placard etc. She arrived at the party and after a few moments looking around she decided she wanted my dogs armchair because it’s wide. 

I said no that’s sierras armchair, she was currently sitting in it and enjoying the attention everyone was giving her, and I have 3 couches 1 of which was taken up by kids. I said let the kids move to chairs from the dinner table and you can sit on the couch.

Because the couch is a little lower than the armchair I guess she said no, move your dog. She got rude and pushy, but I was absolutely not moving my in pain old age dog when there’s somewhere for my cousin to sit anyway. I even explained about the puppy pads and she was like just move your fucking dog I’m in pain and can’t stand! 

Some family members were strongly in agreement of her, and my mom and grandma were strongly in agreement with me, however it kind of cast a awkward light on the party because she kept loudly cursing at my dog every few moments and waving her arms around to try and scare Sierra off the armchair. Luckily my dog was unimpressed but the whole thing was pretty stressful.Background here. I am a 16 year old born with China parents and a China born sister who is 23 now. My parents migrated overseas to where we live now with my sister and had me, completely born in an English speaking environment. I can speak Mandarin, but usually only at home, and I study in a school with English as first language. 


We went to my father's hometown in Szechuan Chengdu last month, and welcomed by our grandparents who threw a big reunion party with my uncles aunts and cousins, about 20+ people. They speak in Szechuan dialect as their mother tongue, but are able to understand and speak Mandarin too. While my parents(obviously) and sister(able to understand but can only speak Mandarin) are comfortable with it, I have trouble understanding the dialect.


I tried to ask an uncle speaking to me to speak Mandarin, but was responded with laughter, the other relatives also seemed to enjoy my confusion. That uncle, using Mandarin, told me that I am a banana who has forgotten her roots before turning back to dialect. My parents told me not to act selfishly and expect everyone to change for me. It was awkward and frustrating to be the only one in a house of strangers(yups, relatives but strangers) who had no idea what others were saying. 


Since they were comfortable, I figured I might as well as make myself comfortable too. When an aunt came to speak to me again, I responded in English, this time enjoying her confused face. Even though I had no idea what they were talking about, I spoke English throughout the rest of the party.


I had an earful from my parents after that, they said that I was disrespectful and a walking form of embarassment and because of me they got scolded from my grandparents for teaching me to behave this way. My sister(secretly) supported me though, saying they had what was coming for teasing me like that. AITA?I recently got engaged and took some time off to visit our parents and start planning. First stop was mine and then his.

I suffer from chronic pain and take a variety of meds which cause a decrease in appetite and nausea. I haven’t disclosed my illness to my in-laws, but a few nights ago I could hear her complaining about how I’m too good to eat what they cook. I let it go.

Yesterday, fiancé took me around his hometown. On the way back, he remembered to get beer, but we were already pulling into the driveway. I was tired, so he dropped me off. His parents were waiting for me in the living room, angry.

Future mother-in-law - FMIL: You really think you can pull the wool over our eyes, don’t you? You think you can bring drugs into our house?!

Me: *motioning to a seat because my legs hurt*

FMIL: No no! You stand! How dare you bring this disgusting bullshit into our house!

I reach for my cellphone and she yells at me to keep my hands at my side.

FMIL: I don’t care how legal this stuff is. We don’t allow this garbage in our house! *She pulls out a plastic wrapped package and I immediately know what it is.* My husband took a bite out of it and got sick! 

I’m pissed off right now because this was at the bottom of my luggage! And then she starts going off about how many pills I take (again, wouldn’t know if you hadn’t gone through my stuff) and how her son doesn’t deserve a druggie. She takes my package and shows me where FFIL took a few bites and threw up soon after.

It’s been 10 minutes and my fiancé is back. His mom asks him if he knows all the medication I’m on and how I brought pot into their house. He can’t get a straight answer about how they know about my medicine, but then he glances at the package and just sighs.

Fiancé: Mom, it’s soap. Even says African Black Soap.

He broke off a piece, headed to the kitchen, and washed his hands with it, showing them the lather. FMIL fired back saying that she’s never seen soap like that and that this doesn’t explain the amount of meds I take. They say they’re justified in what they did because they want the best for their son and since it’s their house they can go through personal belongings at will.

I let them have it. I start screaming and cussing because I’m exhausted and tired. I can’t remember everything I said, but my throat has been a mess from all of the screaming. FFIL tried to give me back the soap, but I kind of threw it at him saying I didn’t want his gum disease. Terrible, I know.

We’re staying at a hotel and not talking to his parents. I feel I could have gone about it better. I wanted a good relationship with my in-laws and we’ve always kind of gotten along... now I feel like I fucked up badly.

**TL;DR: future in-laws went through my luggage and mistook soap for an edible. I cussed them out and offended them and now I feel like I burned a major bridge.**

[Soap](https://imgur.com/a/fEIZw69)

Obviously, that’s not a picture of the actual soap. That’s just what the soap looks like. I don’t have it anymore.Using a throwaway. 

So, there's a FtM trans guy at my school, let's call him Don (since I'm watching mad men, lol) who recently came out as trans. He says he isn't transitioning using harmone therapy or anything of the sort to transition. As a girl, he was a pretty good swimmer on the team who did the 100M. He switched over to the male team. The coach casually told him the competition might be a little stiff (not in a harsh or transphobic way, more just 'you might want to be aware/prepare yourself' way). Don nodded along and said that's okay.

But the way he's been acting recently shows he thinks it's anything except fair. Since our swim team is pretty competitive (we're won state just last year), his times for the 100m fell to near the bottom of the pack. And he's been whining about this, calling it unfair and saying he should get a handicap of some sort. 

I disagree with this, partially. I do agree that it's unfair that he has to swim with cis guys as a biological female not undergoing transition. But he decided to join the male team, knowing the competition would be stiff. I know it may be have been triggering for him to stay on the girls team, but it's a trade-off: if he wants to be on the male team, he can hardly expect to be given advantages over other guys. 

One time, after practice when Don was complaining, I civilly shared my opinion. He got offended at this.

Am I TA here?My ex and I have two boys (7 and 11) and we have 50-50 custody. Every Thursday she comes to my house to pick them up for her time. I noticed more and more food was gone, but not for sure. I was able to confirm that food was going missing because someone drank my last can of Ginger Ale. I asked my sons' sitter if he knew anything about it and he said my ex drank it. I was confused. Apparently, when my ex comes to pick up them up, she'll start making a snack for herself like she lives there. I thought about it and want it to stop.

The issue is that she is unemployed and has no money. I believe she is hungry. It's not about the money or cleaning up after yourself - it's about boundaries.

&#x200B;

EDIT - I do pay her child support, $300 a month. I make 90K a year and she makes 45K a year. However, I pay for the kids' tuition and cover their insurance. I believe that my ex is barely breaking even at the end of each month and lives paycheck-to-paycheck. She lost her job back in August and just found something in October so that fucked her finances up. 

That's not my problem though.  

My problem is that she just welcomes herself to my food. Literally, the stuff she eats is the food that I buy for myself. For example, my diet ginger ale. It pisses me off that I come home and want to have a nice cold ginger ale with my dinner only to find that the last few were drank. And when she uses a plate, she'll rinse it off but doesn't dry it or even put it in the fucking dish washer.Hello r/aita. Throwaway for what I hope are obvious reasons. 

This post is the product of years of family drama that basically all center around my brother. He was raised as the true "golden child" of the family, much to the detriment of my and my sister. We were a very upper middle class family and my brother was the center of the "wrong crowd" and his life is in absolute shambles. He is 24 now and if I had to guess, my parents have spent $500,000 on various colleges, rehab programs and facilities, actor's workshops, investment schemes and on and on. It could be a little less, it could be a lot more. The heartbreak of seeing my brother fail time after time had to be a major factor in my dad having a heart attack and dying at 63 four years ago.

My brother showed back up in Chicago area last summer with a sob story about why he failed out of the last rehab my mom had paid for but this time he claimed he was "voluntary" homeless. My mom couldn't handle this so without checking with my or my sister, mom concocted this plan that the three of our households would "take turns" hosting my brother so he wouldn't have to be on the streets (my mom's new boyfriend, who is a decent guy, can't stand my brother and probably put his foot down to taking brother on full time). So when I was told about this and when my "turn" first came around I told my brother that in no uncertain terms that he could stay, but he had to come to work at my company, I had to be with him at all times and he had to pay his room and board through helping me with fix up our house.  He wanted no part of that and has chosen to be homeless during every two week period that he was supposed to come stay with me. I have not seen him since and since I know my mom and sister have not put a hard line on him, I know he is still using. 

Well as the national news will tell you, we are in a massive deep freeze and of course this coincides with my two weeks to keep him. He showed up at my house on Friday night when we started hearing just how cold it was supposed to get. I told him that he had four choices, he could avail himself of the services that the city was putting together and remain homeless, he could go back with my mom or sister, he could take me up on my offer to work and help around the house OR I would buy him a bus ticket to Florida to get out of the cold. 

Well I don't think he caught the meaning of a one way bus ticket. What I know he thought was happening is that I was giving him a ticket to go party on the beach until the cold passed and then I would provide for him to come home. When I dropped him off at the bus station earlier in the week he point blank asked me "when and how will you send the return ticket?"  I told him there was no return ticket, take what I was giving him or stay in the cold.  He proceeded then to unleash an angry cursed filled rant accusing me of every family sin under the sun until I kicked him out of my car. I know he got on the bus, beyond that I have no idea what happened to him and I care even less. 

edit: he absolutely knew I was giving him a one way ticket. Sorry for the confusion. He just thought this was an open ended party in Florida and I would be sending him a return ticket when he was ready to come home. There was no illusion or subterfuge on my part about the ticket. 


My mom is outraged at me, to the point where she is talking about suing me for "great bodily harm" (whatever that is supposed to mean), cutting me out of her will and estate and even telling my wife she'll introduce her to divorce attorneys. My sister has quietly thanked me because she wasn't sure how she was going to break it to my mom that she wasn't taking my brother in anymore because her fiancé was sick of him. 


So from the view of my mom, I am not only an asshole, I have apparently put my brother's life in danger. 


From me and my sister's view I have washed our hand's of a long standing problem, at least for a little while. 


So, am I the asshole?


edit2: wow this is easily my biggest post ever, by a large margin. I have about 410 unread posts as of this morning. I very much will try to read all of them. 

There's one thing I just want to address really quickly. People are saying "YTA" because I blame my dad's heart attack on my brother. Surely you can say that my dad may have had a heart attack sooner or later but he died at 63 years old. Other men on his side of the family have lived well into their 80s and 90s (my Dad's dad is still alive as an example, my two greatgrandfathers lived to 98 and 102 as another example). There is no doubt in my mind that stress of having to deal with my brother absolutely contributed to his poor health. I am no doctor but the links between stress and heart trouble are pretty well established and it got so bad at the end that my dad's own cardiologist  was advising him that he had to let my brother go or it would kill him. My dad died after a series of small heart attacks and "big one" that started occurring after he went to somewhere in New Mexico and rescued my brother who was prostituting himself for meth and heroin, all while my parents were sending him something like $3500 a month for living expenses to get himself "back on track." To me the link is so absolute that I feel 100% justified in blaming my brother for my dad's death. You can judge me all you like but the pictures of how my dad changed from a robust man in his late 30s when my brother was born to a broken shell by the time he died would maybe change your judgement. I (26F) like to go for a run in the morning before I go to work. I usually set out around 5:00 AM so I can make sure to get at least 5 miles in at a time before having to get ready for work. Well depending on the time of year, I'm either running around sunrise or wrap up before, which means that people in the neighborhood have those security lights that pop up if you're in the area.

Well people started complaining about their lights being triggered and their dogs flipping out at early times, and people on their stupid doorbell cameras will look at people going by and several people posted videos of me running by. I'm identifiable because I have a headlamp and flashers to make sure cars see me.

This was on that Nextdoor app so I chimed in to say hey, sorry about that! And got dogpiled by people telling me to change up my route, or have more respect. Some people told me to go to a gym, why don't I run in the afternoon or evening etc etc. I told them I had no way of remembering whose house has what lights or what dogs and that it's just something we all have to deal with. I'm not going around complaining about the sprinklers that come on and drench me because they aren't calibrated right! And then said that I love to run in the morning because it makes me feel good through the day to which someone said "Yeah try getting woken up by some smartass who won't be neighborly enough to just go to the gym!"

Anyway I've gotten some really nasty notes and people keep posting videos of me and comments saying that I should really get a gym membership and other people calling me rude because the dog barks and wakes up the baby or something. I don't enjoy running on a treadmill. Never have, never will. Besides why pay out the ass to be leered at and hit on by gross dudes when I can run in the darkness and watch the sun rise? Seems like a no-brainer, right?

My best friend has suggested I just head out later, but I won't have enough time for the rest of my routine (shower, breakfast, etc) if I do that.

&#x200B;

ETA: Tried to grab all the INFO questions. 

1 - There are no parks nearby large enough for me to run in. The only one around here is about one block, and it is surrounded by houses. I pass this park already. There are no "trail systems" or anything like that either. 

2 - I don't run the same exact path every day. No matter which street I run on, there's inevitably security lights and dogs. I have 5 or 6 different routes I'll take. I don't think it's even the same dogs barking at me on those routes. 

3 - I don't have a car, so I can't just drive out somewhere else. 

4 - Again, I'm not getting a gym membership. My budget doesn't include that kind of luxury, and the closest affordable gym here is about 6 miles away to begin with. 

5 - I can't run later in the morning. I have to be out the door at a certain time to get my full 5 miles in.  5:00-630, exercise (warm up and cool down included). 6:30-7:30, getting ready (shower, coffee, breakfast, put together lunch or it's already made, makeup, hair, getting dressed). If I don't leave for the bus at 7:45, I will not get to work on time. 

AITA?So I have this friend that I introduced to anime and k-pop a while back. A few months later, he's obsessed with them and I would consider him a full-on koreaboo and weaboo. For example, he says "ban-kai" (a power from BLEACH) out of nowhere and I feel a sense of disappointment for what he has become. As well as when we are in uni he starts singing k-pop songs without knowing those actual lyrics. I just want my old friend back, not the one that would say "nani" after everything I say. I can't bear to confront him about it since I'm the one that introduced him to it, but the amount of cringing I do a day is detrimental to my well-being.

&#x200B;

edit: thanks for the gold stranger!

&#x200B;

edit 2: I didn't notice this was on the front page. I was too busy grinding my mining level on osrs. I recently have gone back to work after giving birth to a beautiful baby girl. He’s staying home, because I make a lot more money.

I’ve always been a bit of a butterfingers, but the worst instance is was when I dropped a vase that had been in his family for a long time apparently. I’ve been better about it, but he hasn’t really trusted me to hold anything expensive.

In the past couple weeks he’s been home alone he’s gotten ridiculously protective. I think I’ve only gotten to hold her 3 times for an extended period, and he was hovering over me the whole time, constantly asking if I wanted to put her down or if I was going to drop her.

Today, I snapped when I tried to pick her up, and he said that maybe he should do it, and yelled at him that I’m not disabled and can hold my own daughter. He’s been kind of cold for the rest of the day, and hasn’t really talked to me. Did I screw up?

Edit: there’s some confusion with a comment and the post. In the third paragraph I meant that since I’ve been at work and he’s been home alone, he has gotten over protective. When I said 3 times for an extended period I meant I’ve only gotten to hold her for more than a minute or two 3 times since I’ve been at work, and that was with him pestering me the whole time.

I might have worded it strangely, I was pretty tired when I posted this, and I’m on my phone.I couldn’t think of a better, more neutral way of putting it, but that’s essentially what happened..so yeah.

I dated her for about 3 months. She was really gorgeous ,confident and free spirited. I loved how silly and bold she was, it was something that made her really unique in my book. 
This whole thing happened a month ago. I had a really, really big presentation and I got really tensed. I had the opportunity to invite my gf to the function, and so I did, on the condition that she would not embarrass me and not drink, because she had a habit of drinking a lot during such occasions and losing control. 

Well, turns out she made fun of me just because she thought it was hilarious. She burped loudly when I was talking to my co workers, and told about how I didn’t even have sex because of the stress. She proceeded to ask my coworkers if they could resist her body. They were obviously uncomfortable too. The presentation ultimately went horribly bad at first because she kept making stupid silly faces backstage, but then I just ignored her for the rest of the night and all went well.

First thing I did when we sat in the car was saying I was breaking up with her that night, she told me she was just trying to lighten my mood. I refused to let her touch me then, and dropped her off to her building. She said she wasn’t going to go till we sorted out the issue, I just told her to get out.
 Then I gave her a text message saying I was sorry for being rude to her but we weren’t compatible, and to just move on with her life.

Fast forward to today, I bumped into a friend of hers who said that I had been an asshole for her to break up with her for being ‘silly’ at a gathering, and that no one could believe I turned out to be such a jerk.

Now I am already seeing someone, but this interaction made me question if I had indeed been a jerk. An unbiased opinion would help.

EDIT:I did shout get out at her to make her leave, since she just kept talking and talking.

Edit 2: Each comment honestly helps me a lot , and while I personally cannot thank everyone of know, know that I geniunely mean it. Throwaway for obvious reasons

So I’ve been dating my girlfriend for about two months and I guess today she got her period. She mentioned it slightly and said something about bleeding through her underwear. 

I asked her to stop talking about it because I thought it was gross.

She told me she understood, but I should know these things since we’re dating.

I told her I didn’t need to know anything about it because I’m not a girl and it’s not my responsibility.

She told me that she understood and would just keep things like that to herself, but her friend called me an asshole.

Edit: we are both 16 

Edit 2: we aren’t sexually active as she is uncomfortable with it. So it doesn’t really seem like it’s my responsibility for what her body goes through. 

Edit 3: okay, I understand now, I am the asshole. I will try my best to maybe learn more about it and keep my mouth shut. I do really like this girl, but it was just something I was grossed out by. But I will start trying to be a better boyfriend.

Thank you for the advice 

Edit 4: I didn’t think this would blow up as much as it did. And I get that I wasn’t being open minded, but I am willing to help her through the pain she feels and buy her snacks and cuddle her into oblivion and all that. Just, if she does complain about bleeding, I hope she keeps it to a minimum. 


AITA?My brother is 18 and living with me. I am his older sister, age 22. I have 2 bedrooms (one each for me and him) and a shared bathroom. My brother has a girlfriend, also 18, who is over a lot. They are fully consenting adults, therefore they do things that I don't want to think about.

They always shower/bathe together, and because the bathroom shares a wall with my bedroom and the kitchen, no matter where I go in the flat I hear exactly what they're doing. Then the shower stops running and my brother leaves, and exactly 10 minutes later, often to the exact second, the girlfriend leaves. She spends the 10 minute interim playing games on her phone.

The reason for this is that she doesn't want me to see them leave the bathroom together. She is unaware of the sound issue and thinks that I have no idea they even entered the bathroom together, and hopes that 10 minutes will be enough for me to believe that my brother had his shower and left and then she entered and had hers separately.

However, this 10 minute pause between them finishing in the bathroom and her leaving the bathroom is a real pain in the arse. They always do this either early in the morning when I need to shower and leave for work, or right at the end of the night when I need to do my nighttime routine before bed.

WIBTA if I said to her "look, I know what you're doing in there, I don't have a problem with it as you're fully consenting adults, but the time you wait between him leaving and you leaving is a real pain, so can you just leave together, or at least shorten the time?"EDIT: Thanks y'all! I'm not going to talk to any higher-ups unless something like this happens again. I've read many helpful comments and many ridiculous ones, the only thing I feel I need to clarify is that I keep my joking about religious iconography confined to ranty posts on the internet. In fact I just avoid talking about religion in general unless it's with my husband, since most of my nearest and dearest are Christians as well. Some of you also got the reference, so thanks for not immediately accusing me of being one of "those atheists"! 

So last night at work, it was pretty clear that my manager was stressed out/in a bad mood. During our startup meeting, she was discussing how much work we had to do, improvements we needed to make, and the fact that no one was meeting production goals. Next week is the beginning of peak season, so essentially she was telling us to get our shit together. After her speech, an older lady who was working overtime and from another shift, said, "After all that we need some good news! I've got some good news for y'all!" 

When my manager asked her what the good news was, she said, "Jesus is coming back!" Now, I found this pretty annoying, but it has less to do with the fact that I'm an atheist and more to do with us being at *work*. I'm used to people inappropriately inserting jesus into random conversations or assuming everyone around them is a Christian (born and raised in Georgia), so I rolled my eyes but knew there was no point in voicing my opinion. Plus, my manager responded with, "Amen," along with one of my coworkers. Safe to say there were more people on the older lady's side than mine. 

This is where it gets worse and where I actually got offended, or rather uncomfortable. After the meeting, when we were all getting our equipment out and getting to our various stations, the older lady came up to me. Only me, from what I saw. She stuck out her hand to give me some Jesus propaganda, and when I tried to refuse (nicely, all I said was no thank you in a pleasant tone), she insisted and said that I needed it. I'm assuming she saw me roll my eyes at her comment during startup. 

I really did not appreciate this at all, and her singling me out like that changed my mind on the whole "no point in voicing my opinion" thing. My husband, who works at the same place in another department, was also pretty pissed about it. 

I don't think there's much point in asking my manager to talk to this lady, because she is very much a Christian judging by her southern curly-scripted bible verse T shirts and her lowercase T necklace. My husband says I should bring this up to HR so that someone can tell this lady how not okay it is to confront someone with religion in the workplace. 

So, WIBTA if I do? There's a big chance that HR and everyone I work with will think I'm an asshole.Today I gave a BJ to my BF, normally I don’t finish him and we continue with normal sex. However today we wanted to try finishing the job.
It wasn’t bad or anything, however afterwards he refused to kiss me. We kind of had a discussion about it. I said I would always kiss him after he has gone down on me, but he said that is a totally different situation. After a bit of nagging on my part he finally kissed me although he didn’t seem to be thrilled about it.

So reddit, AITA?

Update:

As there are quite a few more comments than I had expected I thought it would be nice to give you guys some extra info and an update.


First I wanted to say that me (21f) and my boyfriend (22m) have been together for over a year now. He is the best bf in the world and I love him very much. Both of us have not had any previous relationships, so we still encounter new things regularly and we are still learning.


Secondly, I understand that not everybody likes cum. That’s why I had already flushed my mouth with water before I came back for a kiss. Especially since I know my boyfriend can be quite squeamish sometimes. After this I just felt kind of rejected because the idea of kissing me disgusted him so much.
I asked him after reading the comments if he felt like I pressured him into something he didn’t want to do and I apologized. Pressuring him was definitely not my intention, I would never want to do that to him. He said he didn’t feel that way and that he was sorry too for making me feel rejected.


Whatever your verdict may be, thank you all for your comments!My gf and I have a child, due to financial issues we haven’t been able to live together until now. She’s been vegan about a year, and wasn’t when we met, I have always been an omnivore and never suggested that would change. Now that we found a place, she now says that she doesn’t want to live with me if I don’t agree to go vegan. I responded with [this](https://i.imgur.com/rd4a9Ck.jpg) after my frustration reach epic levels AITA?

**Edit**: our child is being raised vegan against my wishes but in the interest of compromise I leave it alone and made sure our child eats as complete a diet as possible. 

Currently I only eat meat 2-3 days a week at most. I already agreed not to eat meat around here, my meat eating at “our” place would be limited to when she isn’t there. 

I forgot to mention I have a child from a previous relationship that will be living with us, and that child is expected to go vegan as well.

**Edit 2**: I agree with anyone that says my response was immature and counterproductive.

**Update 1: we spoke and this summarized what I said:**

“Yesterday doesn’t sit well with me, your attitude towards it is controlling, and the fact you’re not willing to even explore compromises is troubling. For instance, the few times I eat or cook meat could be done when you aren’t home, I could get a small bar fridge to store meat, there’s a million solutions that could have been discussed if you really wanted this to work. Your attitude surrounding it is controlling and unreasonable, I am asked to make incredible sacrifices because you’re unable to compromise, or unwilling to. This will become a pattern, because you know I want this more than you, and you won’t have to compromise cause I’ll cave to have our family.

You have a right to state how you feel, as I do. If you choose to ignore my feelings entirely up to you. But the lack of communication about this isn’t going to change anything. I want you and this family, but I’m not rolling over and changing every time you decide you believe in something else, compromise is a two way street, and if we aren’t going to walk it together as equals, in ideas, feelings, respect, and communication, then we say goodbye now. “

**Addition: I feel like I should add this reply I made to a militant vegan here **

~~https://reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/d2bg73/_/ezuc01f/?context=1~~

I replied to the wrong comment and now I can’t find it.

**Update 2:** All she’s said to me is “I’m dreaming of a future that I won’t have. “ not sure what that means but I don’t want to go down any more rabbit holes today. I think I’ll try tomorrow evening to talk to her, I’ll give her time to consider my words abs to collect her thoughts. Right now I want to think about everything that’s been said here, specifically about my younger child being vegan, my family, what’s best for everyone, and most importantly what kind of future do I see with her right now.  I’ve read every comment, and this has turned into a very spirited debate. I believe there’s merit to reducing meat intake for your health and for the environment, but I don’t believe in extreme knee jerk reactions to anything. I have reading to do..

**thoughts:** I am not criticizing vegans, and in the reply (to the wrong comment) that’s causing me to get hate mail, I was referring to a specific subset of vegans, I would have expressed similar sentiments to a religious fanatic that was forcing his or her beliefs to me. 

I support her right to live the life she wants, and to eat what she wants. I want the same accommodation. 

Was I the asshole here? IMHO Yes in some ways I was. Is she the asshole for the ultimatum? Possibly. What I know for sure is I don’t think I’ll ever understand how this “lifestyle” and diet is a reasonable justification to change the nature of the family at its core. 

Some have called me a pushover, that may be true, but I’m trying my best to navigate waters that are unfamiliar to me, and to make the best decisions for me and my family.

I am reading most of your comments, and to those who say I’m being intolerant, I’m not, I’m seeking compromise. To those who say a child should be raised as a vegan, I agree and have from the start, that choice was made unilaterally and the safe guards and information gathering  we agreed to hasn’t happened.My wife and I were hosting a barbecue on sunday. Half an hour before the guests arrived we were busy preparing food and my MIL was helping us.

While I was busy doing something else I asked my MIL to take the pasta salad I had prepared out of the fridge and taste for seasoning. She said that it needed more salt and I told her to add it, but not use the big salt shaker we have, because too much comes out of it. She used it anyways and oversalted the dish. I was really angry and tried to fix it with more mayo but it just didn't taste good. I told my MIL that I would have to order a new pasta salad from a local place, which she said wasn't necessary but I did anyways. About 15 minutes after the guests arrived I see the delivery guy at our front door. I tell my MIL to get up and she asks why. I tell her that the delivery guy is here so she can pay him. She looks at me stunned and asks "why should I pay him". So I have to expain that because she ruined the pasta salad she has to pay for the new one. She finally gets up to pay him but it's incredibly awkward and my wife is giving me the death stare. The guests seem kinda awkward too and my MIL didn't talk to me at all for the rest of the party.

After the guests were gone my wife flipped her shit at me. She called me an imbecile and an asshole and said that I embarassed myself and damaged the realationship to her mother. It's been three days and she's still angry about this. AITA?

Edit: Ok, I think the judgement has been clear. I will try to fix it, although I'm not sure yet how to.  

I also wanted to say that it wasn't my intention to emberass MIL, I hoped that she would get up so I could explain it to her in private.Hi. Made a new throwaway account to post this because I am... wildly conflicted right now.

**Backstory:** My sister (4 years younger than me) and her husband have been married \~2yr, together for 5. BIL and I dated during high school, and it ended under circumstances that were not ideal. BIL and I have not gotten along since he and sister got together. My sister essentially believes I'm jealous of her for marrying my "one who got away" (he is not that), so our relationship has ALSO suffered as a result. This whole situation is already fucked up and yes, I'm pretty sure it's putting my therapist's kid through college, but that's not the problem right now.

Recently BIL has begun reaching out to me more frequently. I've been very cautious but after talking it over with people in my own life, chose to be more friendly toward him as part of an attempt at repairing certain aspects of my relationship with the entire family. Last week BIL asked if I would read a book he had written, with the underlying implication that I would help him career-wise with his aspirations as a writer. Out of politeness and curiosity, I said sure, thinking I would perhaps get a good laugh out of it and a story to tell my publishing friends.

The book... is about us. I don't know how else to put it. It's a "domestic thriller" (so think *Gone Girl, You,* etc.) about a man who realizes he has married "the wrong sister" and becomes obsessed with his SIL. It's one of the weirdest things I have ever seen. It doesn't exactly read like a manifesto, more like something you'd see on r/menwritingwomen, but aspects of the story were deeply unsettling to me personally (touching on things that happened to me in high school and later), and I don't understand why he would give this to me to read unless he wanted to either creep me out, or - as in the story - he intends to leave my sister and wanted to see if this would... Jesus, it's too weird to say. Open a door with me?

Here's how I'm conflicted. People have always used art as a form of cathartic healing. If a stranger handed me this book, I would just say "not my taste" and move on. That said, this is my sister's husband, and I found certain elements so skin-crawlingly uncomfortable that I almost didn't finish it. That ALSO said, this is my sister's husband, and I am afraid, based on the past, that if I tell her about this, she will flip out on me and not him, and/or if she confronts him, he will also just lie about the whole thing? And on the off-chance that it's more than just tasteless catharsis, I don't want my sister to get turned into a skin suit? (There are no skin suits but you get it.) And if it IS just a fictional fantasy thriller, I'll either look like a paranoid asshole or the lawmakers who tried to ban video games after Columbine.

**TLDR: My BIL and I dated in high school and he wrote a really creepy novel about being obsessed with me and I don't know whether to tell my sister for the shitstorm it could cause.**

**EDIT: Whew. Went to dinner and came back to a lot more replies than when I left. I'm figuring out a way to move forward right now. Thanks to everyone who has commented, I've read them all.**I’m using a throwaway account because I use my main solely in another sub.

I was invited to an old school friend’s wedding that happened a few days ago. We’re not ride or die, but whenever we’re both in the same region we always meet up.

I ordered a nice yellow jumpsuit for the wedding from a trusted retailer. When it came, it was much paler than the picture, basically a straw yellow. I started to worry as I’d read those stories about guests wanting to steal the thunder by wearing white/traditional wedding dress colours at weddings, and I messaged my friend to ask if she was wearing white. She said she was, and asked why. I sent a picture of the jumpsuit and said that this was what I’d been sent in place of a much brighter colour. She said that it looked fine, and she’d shut anyone up if they tried to make a deal about it on the day.

On the day itself, I didn’t actually get any comments about it directly, which was a relief. However, when I went to the bathroom, I encountered two of the bridesmaids gossiping about how that girl in the jumpsuit (so, me) had the nerve to wear it, especially after the bride had told her directly it wasn’t suitable. To frame this as it happened, I was in a cubicle when they came in and started chatting. I came out of the cubicle, and said that no such conversation had happened, and if the bride really had an issue she should have told me months ago when we talked about it. They basically scoffed and said they’d believe me when they saw the ‘receipts’. I saw them later on in the evening with the bride, and all three of them were giving me the stink eye.

Yesterday, the bride posted a thank you message on Facebook, with the comment that ‘even scene-stealing wannabes’ couldn’t spoil the day. I was going to leave it, but one of the bridesmaids commented with a poorly-taken picture of me from behind with drawn-on devil horns and tail. I reacted on impulse, and posted screenshots of the conversation where the bride had told me that my outfit was fine, with a comment saying that it was a shame that the bride couldn’t tell me to my face there was an issue, and that since I’d been asked for ‘receipts’, here they were. The comment got a few further comments saying that the tea had been spilled and that this is what happens when people don’t know all the facts, as well as the inevitable ones saying that I was being childish and creating a drama.

I do view this as stooping down to the level of those who couldn’t even tell me straight there was an issue (I mean I had another dress in my car just in case I got comments) in how I reacted, but I also think I was defending my reputation and honour among people I’ve known for over two decades. The peace-keeping side of me wants to apologise to the bride, but my heart knows she won’t offer the same olive branch, especially now people know she was two-faced in this situation.Some context: I am a 27F working in a factory, my position involves sorting mail and dealing with returns and damages. I started my position making $14 which was more then what the truck loaders were making but once minimum wage increased to $14 my pay didn't increase. I was denied a raise and was told that my position was no more important then theirs. 

Current issue: I'm taking a week of vacation, my manager Heather aggressively confronted me saying that it was really inconsiderate of me to take that much time off and that it's unprofessional for my position. I told her that I make just as much a loaders and they wouldn't be questioned for using their vacation week. She said that my position is imortant and not as easily filled while I'm gone. I said that I was told otherwise and that if she felt that way then I should be compensated as such. 

Later in the day she came back and apologized saying that she's five months pregnant and hormones are making her emotional but that I put her in a very bad spot and that I need reconsider taking my vacation. I told her that she's the one that approved my vacation months ago and if her pregnancy is effecting her behavior and decision making then maybe she shouldn't be in her position. 

She left very uspet and told my coworkers that I said she wasn't fit for her job because she's pregnant and that I was acting all high and mighty asking for a raise. I've got a lot people calling me an asshole and a few agreeing me. AITA?

Update: I just got off work and went to Heathers office to apologize but a lead told me she left crying. So Heather told everyone in the office what happened and they took Heather off floor management and scheduling, another manager Alex apologized to me for her behaviour and told me that she was supposed to have someone there for the week I'm off but forgot and tried getting me to rescedual, and that it was inappropriate to do so. Should I still text her and apologize?

Update 2: I texted her apologizing for what I said and she apologized for trying to pressure me to cover her mistake. She said she was switching with Alex to office manager until her maternity leave and she feels less stressed by office then floor which I said was good and I wished her the best. Overall I think it ended well.Y’all, I used to be 430 lbs and over the last 6 months I’ve lost nearly 160 lbs. I’m the smallest I’ve EVER been my adult life and I am LOVING it. 

My husband and I have been married 7 years and he has been super duper supportive and loving and encouraging, but he is also on the husky side and the man looooooves his fast food every week or so. 

I have been craving McDonald’s, kfc, all that gorgeous greasy fatty goodness and because my diet is doing so well I put a blanket ban on all fast food in the house. 

At first my man was 100% for it and told me whatever made my life easy but for the last month or so he’s been wanting to get fast food and I’ve told him he’s welcome to go eat out or in the car but it’s not coming in the house. He’s been getting frustrated with me and said it’s his house too and he should be allowed to eat KFC without me telling him ‘no’. In fairness to him he’s respected the rule and I know for a fact he’s not snuck it in the house. 

I love him and really do feel bad but my friends are really encouraging and keep telling me he needs to deal with it. Am I really a monster? Should I just relent and let him get the occasional fast food?

EDIT: Guys I’m deeply humbled by your responses. Platinum?! Silver!?? I don’t deserve that. There so many more interesting AITA posts on here but I have cried tears of happiness over how amazing each of y’all on here are!! THANK YOU. I am grateful.So I was on the bus yesterday and it was packed. But this lady was so big that none was able to sit next to her. Now I had a seat on the bus for a while but as a student I give up my seat to other people as thats my schools expectation. But the entire time i had been on the bus this lady had been sitting in a 2 person seat by herself. Now when I get on its already full with many people normally standing and it really got on my nerves that this lady had the audacity to take up 2 seats. But when a lady who was deep into her pregnancy and her SO got on the bus it really annoyed me. after 2 or o minutes and no one had offered them or her alone i worked up the strength to ask her if she would get up and give her seat to the couple.

&#x200B;

Thats where i stuffed up. So i asked her politely if she would give up her seat so the lady didn't have to suffer with the pregnancy as badly. (Something along the lines of "Excuse me ma'm would you mind giving up your seat so the lady over there could sit down so its a less unpleasant experience for her, if you could i'm sure they would greatly appreciate it)

&#x200B;

Apparently this was super rude and she got really offended and started shouting that i was 'fatphobic' and rude and that she would report this slight to my schools headmaster and get me suspended or expelled.

&#x200B;

So reddit AITA.

&#x200B;

\[EDIT\]

\-ok then i'm an asshole it though what i was doing was good but it turns out she probably had justifiable reasons for the 2 seats.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

\[EDIT 2\]\]

\- thx for silver kind anonymous redditor. Okay so to start this off, I’m currently in recovery from multiple mental illnesses including anorexia. 
     So when I was first diagnosed I was pretty much immediately sent to a residential hospital for a few months and I EXPLICITLY told my mom that I didn’t want her telling people besides close family friends and relatives, and she agreed. Fast forward to a couple months out of the hospital and I’m scrolling through my moms Facebook trying to find a specific family photo I was looking for when I see multiple posts along the lines of:
    Today we had to check our beautiful daughter into Veritas for treatment of her ED. Please send prayers. (not those exact words but similar)
     This especially pissed me off because I’m not a religious person at all. Also, keep in mind that my mom is a complete social butterfly with over 500 Facebook friends, most of whom I’ve never met. All I could think about was random people I’ve never met immediately defining me as my mental illness and feeling pity, and the one thing I can’t stand is people pitying me. 
     My mom uses the same password for everything so I knew her Facebook login and immediately deleted the posts. She still hasn’t noticed. 

Update: damn I didn’t expect this to get that many responses! Just to clarify my mom definitely didn’t have any ill-intent. We’re very close and while we have occasional disagreements such as this one, generally she’s very supportive. I definitely think we both made mistakes in this situation. Thank you all for your input!So I've (29F) lived in this apartment for the best part of a decade now. I don't own it but I've been saving up because I'm on good terms with my landlord who has agreed to sell it to me for a good price in the next few years since he's starting to get a little bit too old to deal with upkeep.

During this time I've had roommates rotating in and out to help afford rent. The latest roommates are a couple, Dan (24M) and Jess (25F).

A few months ago they announced that Jess was pregnant and due in a couple of months!!! I was really surprised because, I feel mean saying this, she wasn't showing very visibly through her body shape. I congratulated them but when I asked what their plans were for their future family home they said they were hoping that I would move out. I said that goes against my plans that I've had for years and that I was planning on staying here. They insisted that I would "have" to move out as they're a new family now and need space. I told them that was great and I respect that need but if they wanted space they would need to find a new place as I was here first.

Shit got pretty cold from there. We haven't really talked much, until now. They had the baby and it's now about a month old. I knew I'd have to bunker down a bit so I took all of my things from the common area (TV, consoles, kitchenware, etc) and with some work I got a pretty nice compact setup in my room with some DIY soundproofing and a makeshift kitchenette so I can ignore the baby's crying. They used my stuff previously and were not happy at all and had to beg on facebook until someone got them new dishes, making sure to shit talk me in all the posts which I thought was pretty rude but whatever.

Because I found out so late about the pregnancy, we're still on the lease for a good 6 months. They want me to break the lease so they can focus on their family. I told them that as I said before this wasn't going to happen. Either they break the lease or they put up with me living my life the way I want to, which includes having people over, listening to music, smoking weed (legal state), drinking, etc. They said they can't afford to break the lease. I said that's unfortunate but neither can I. They said it would be easier for me because I'm not a parent and that I would just need to scrimp a little bit so I can afford to pay two rents. I said maybe but I'm not going to hamstring my lifestyle because they chose to inconvenience everyone around them with their kid. I was admittedly kind of the AH for saying this but I was being harassed.

So my living situation has been kind of a cold war ever since. It's really miserable for everyone right now and while I don't expect them to drop out of the lease I'm kind of hoping they do because them and their banshee kid are really giving me a headache. But I've invested too much into getting this place to leave so even if they stick it out I plan on signing the lease again and maybe seeing if the landlord will be able to not renew them.I'm one of the two people in charge of running a body acceptance support group, we hold meetings for free at a community center after closing hours every saturday. We don't have a sign up process, you can just show up, write down your name and sit down to share. We make it clear that our support group is made strictly for people with body deformities, amputations, severe scarring, disfigurations of some sort... It is not for people who struggle with self esteem and need a boost.

At our first August meeting, a girl showed up whom we'll call Ashley. There wasn't anything visibly "wrong" with Ashley, but we didn't give it much thought since in some cases the scarring or whatever else can be hidden underneath clothes. (In my case, a long sleeved shirt hides nearly all of my upper body burn scarring). However, whenever Ashley spoke, she would never mention what she was struggling with just that she was disgusted with her body. The first two sessions, I thought it was fine, to each their pace and I didn't want to force her to share anything she wasn't comfortable with sharing. Even when we would wrap up the meetings and the members would chat to each other, she didn't reveal what exactly it was that made her seek out our support group.

At our third meeting, Ashley showed up wearing a crop top and very short shorts, and again there was nothing visibly "wrong". She dodged every question I directed towards her asking about why exactly she was here, asking her if she was a veteran, if she had a surgery... She left quickly when we wrapped up and I couldn't speak with her. Other members asked me what the deal with her was since she went on an other tangent about how disgusting her body was when it was her turn to speak without talking about what her physical defect was exactly or how it was impacting her day to day life.

Last saturday's meeting, I approached Ashley before the meeting to voice my concerns alongside those of the rest of the members. Ashley responded saying we weren't very "nice", and that whenever she would speak up negatively about her body and such, we would never counter her with a compliment, we would just stay silent or tell her some "mumbojumbo" about how it takes time to come to terms with it. I was getting pretty angry, and I directly asked her why is it that she was here, and I told her if she couldn't give me an answer I'm afraid I would have to kick her out. She didn't answer so I asked her to leave. 

She contacted my co-runner (he organizes and plans timings, deals with the community center...) and he seems to think what I did is not justified, and that I shouldn't turn away anyone or kick them out because of the way they grieve or deal with trauma. When I tried to explain that I doubted she had any physical defects to begin with, he shut it down saying I'm being an asshole for judging someone as not "disabled enough".

Am I the asshole for kicking her out?My wife and I are tight on money right now and thus, we didn't have anything in the budget for my wife's birthday gift. Instead, I sent her to her friends house for a few hours and my kids and I did all the household chores. When she got home, we showed the clean house off to her and told her it was her birthday gift. She said thank you but I could tell she was upset. I pressed her a bit and accused me of seeing her as a maid because I think she should be grateful for something she thinks the kids and I should be doing regularly. I tried to explain that we were just trying to be nice and make things easier for her, and she just kept saying "this is exactly the problem" until she told me to just stop talking about it. AITA?Basically the title. I’m due in January, a high flu month. I realize our baby will receive some antibodies from me, but I don’t have the best immune system. We asked our immediate family members to get the flu shot, as recommendation from our hospital and doctor. Everyone agreed except my MIL. She said she never gets the flu and babies are born with full immunity so we shouldn’t worry. My significant other and I are just trying to do what we think is best for our child, but I don’t want to cause any upset feeling or drama in the family.So I (26m) don’t like kids, I never have, and was always adamant that I would never have kids.  So much so that when I was 22 I wanted to get a vasectomy.  The doctor told me to wait and think it over since I was so young, but I eventually got one when I was 24.  It went well, and test results at the time showed I had no sperm count. 

My girlfriend of three years also said she never wanted kids (wanting kids would be a dealbreaker for me) and I thought that was it and we’d be child free.  Well a last week she found out she was pregnant and we were both in shock.  Between my vasectomy and her being on birth control (for non-pregnancy related reasons) the odds of her getting pregnant should be astronomically low.  We couldn’t believe she was pregnant, and my gf assured me she didn’t cheat and was willing to take a dna test to prove it (if that’s possible at this stage) and I believe her.  I also went back to the doctor to get a sperm count, and somehow a small amount of sperm were present and there would be a small chance I could get someone pregnant.  

Now I don’t want the kid, and was under the assumption she didn’t either.  She says she assumed she would get an abortion if she was pregnant, but actually being pregnant is different and she’s having second thoughts.  While I strongly want her to get an abortion, I realize that it’s ultimately her choice, but I told her that if she does go through with the pregnancy (and doesn’t adopt it), I want nothing to do with it.  I’d do whatever I legally have to do in terms of child support, but I won’t be involved with raising the kid.  Also our relationship would effectively be over because I don’t want to be with someone who has a kid.  My friends and brother think I’m a complete asshole and that I should suck it up if she chooses to have the kid.  I think I took reasonable, if not extreme precautions to ensure I never had to worry about a kid and that I shouldn’t have to raise a kid I don’t want as long as I fulfill my legal obligations.  So reddit, AITA for not wanting to raise my kid?

Edit: to all the people saying the kid isn’t mine, she offered (unprompted) to take a dna test.  Along with my sperm test results and having no reason to suspect she’d cheat, I fully expect that the child would be mine.

Edit 2: thank you to everyone who has responded.  After further discussion with my gf, she is set on having the baby and is slightly against adoption, but considering it.  She still wants me to be in her life, even if our relationship is over and it’s just as friends.  If she has the baby, I’d treat it the same as I do my friends kids; I’d be friendly towards them but have no interest in raising them, just with the addition of child support. We are planning to get a dna test done as well.My wife and I are raising our children without religion. We've taught them it's a thing that exists and always answered questions about it as honestly and truthfully as possible "They believe X... Etc.", but we don't want to push one on them and try to limit exposure outside of media and other people freely practicing. 

My parents are devout Christians and love our children just as much as we do. I can count on one hand the people I trust with my kids and they're on the list. 

However, they simply don't respect the boundaries my wife and I have set, assumedly because they believe they're saving my children from the eternal damnation they couldn't save me from. I feel their hearts are in the right place,  but the last time they visited for summer (we live in a different state from my parents) they came back speaking like we'd been raising them as Christians from birth. "God says this and that", etc.  

The most recent conversation went like this: 

"Why don't you believe in God, daddy?"

"Because he's not real sweetie."

"But Grandma and Grandpa say he is!"


After this one I told my parents that if they keep doing this they won't get to see the kids without my or my wife's supervison. 

They told me I was being hateful and it was "wrong to keep a grandchild from her grandparents just because you don't want them to hear about the Lord". 

Am I the asshole?I usually think i have a pretty good grasp of social situations but maybe i fucked up.

Was on my first date with a woman related to my friend. Its going good, we're eating dinner, chatting when she starts playing the question game. "Whats your favorite movie?" , "Whats your favorite song?" ect.

I ask her "Whose your favorite president?"

"Hmm. It would have to be JFK, Ben Franklin, and Obama in that order."

"Oh, but Ben Franklin wasnt president."

"What?"

"He wasn't president. He was a founding father though and its a mistake a lot of people make."

"Maybe its a mistake that you made? Because I guarantee you he was."

"No, he really wasn't im serious." I think its still light so I laugh.

"Ok, one sec." She smirks and reaches into her purse/wallet thing and pulls out a 100 dollar bill.

"Who does that look like to you?"

"Ben Franklin?"

"Ha, there you go!"

I now realize she thinks you need to be a president to be on dollar bill.

"You know Hamilton wasnt president and is on a bill?"

"Google it! Google it!" She shouts in like a fed up laughing tone.

So I do and recite the Wikipedia article on how Ben Franklin was never president.

"Hmm. Ok?"

Complete awkwardness for the rest of the night. My friend later said that she thought I was a know it all and was condescending. AITA?

When I was younger I had a casual sexual relationship with a woman (Sally) I met at a restaurant. We had sex more than 5 times but less than 10 times. I texted Sally on a Friday night, which is when we normally hooked up, asking if she wanted to meet up and she told me to lose her number. I did and later found out she was pregnant. I contacted her again to see if the child was mine. She told me it wasn't and that she would be getting an abortion anyway and once again told me I needed to lose her number. 

I moved on. One day I got a message from Sally's mother. She accused me of abandoning her daughter and my son. I told her I had no clue what she was talking about. She informed me that she had been taking care of Sally's son since he was 4 months old because Sally had a drug issue. At this point he was 1.5 years old and she (grandma) was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. She said she couldn't do it alone anymore. I ended up getting a DNA test and found out I was the dad. His grandmother passed away shortly after I took custody. 

He's 7 now (8 in August) and has been asking about his mom a lot lately. I have always told him that his mom loved him but wasn't able to take care of him. He has accepted that answer until recently and wanted more answers. I decided to be honest. He asked why he had to live with his grandmother before living with me. I told him, "Your mom and I weren't talking when she was pregnant with you. I didn't know she had you until your grandmother told me. After that I did everything I could to get you." He asked if he would ever be able to see his mom again. I said, "I don't know. I don't even know where she is. She has a sickness called addiction. Sometimes when people are sick like that they make decisions that no one understands. That doesn't mean she doesn't love you though." He cried a little and said he hopes his mom gets better. I was gutted and called my mom. She said I shared way too much and hurt him. She said I should have shared much less and stuck with the "she couldn't take care of you" line even though he was asking for more.

Edit: Thank you to everyone who commented, even those who said I was an asshole for the explanation. All perspectives were read and considered. I couldn't and can't respond to every post but trust that I have read them. 

This happened yesterday and he seemed okay today. He didn't say anything about his mother and I am not going to push it. I have always let him lead these conversations. I think I am going to look into therapy and/or support groups for children of parents battling addiction. I will also be looking into resources for myself to help me navigate all of these new situations as they arise. I have no experience with kids other than my own so I may be overestimating my son's ability to understand things and maybe someone can help me work on that. I'm honestly not even sure if his mom is alive. Last I heard she was but that was a while ago. We have a lot to navigate and I could use some help from a professional so I will be looking into that. Seriously, thanks for all of your suggestions, stories, and comments. It means a lot.
My last few years have been hellish because my dad got caught having an affair with a college girl. My mom decided to stay with him at the time, they'd fight constantly, but now, years later, they're divorcing. 

I wanted to know and understand more, but my parents wouldn't tell me much. They wanted to keep things between themselves. 

So this year, I reached out to his mistress. I sent her a message on Instagram to say that I know this would sound weird, but I'd like to talk and understand things better.

And to my great surprise, I got an answer. She said she could talk, she feels like she owes it to me. 

I had to bite back some of the uglier things I impulsively wanted to say, because I was trying to understand, not fight... 

I found out the affair started when she was 18 and in college. She signed up for a sugar baby website. She needed money, she had a full ride academic scholarship but money was very tight and her scholarship didn't cover housing over holidays that she needed because her family had kicked her out.

The arrangement with my dad lasted through freshman and sophomore year. She knew he was married but she felt she didn't have options. She was working food service along with classes and was still barely making it. 

She stopped the arrangement when she landed a summer internship that allowed her to save up. But she couldn't get it out of her head.

She'd been feeling a lot of guilt, involving our family and her choices. She's gone to therapy and tried to get her life under control since but she can't shake that feeling.

I came into the conversation expecting to hate her through and through. But I realize, I don't. I don't blame her, she was my damn age at the time and trying to make it work. 

I felt better having talked and I think she did too. I don't think we'll keep talking or anything but I feel like I have a new understanding of things, and that brings me peace.

So everything was great for a while until I had a conversation with my brother and admitted I'd talked to my father's sugar baby. He was like "what, sugar baby?" And the truth came out. He got angry enough that my dad was spending our families money in that way, that he confronted my dad.

Then my dad confronted me. He was really mad that I'd gone behind his back and met with the girl, he said that this stuff was something he and my mother wanted to keep between the adults only.

I snapped at him and said that if he wanted it to be "adult business" he shouldn't have gotten involved with someone young enough to be my classmate. 

He was even madder to hear that...

AITA for meeting with my dad's mistress?

------

ETA - 

A lot of people in the comments are worried I hurt my mom more by going about things this way.

I didn't mention this earlier because the post was already so long, but I'd talked with my mom a lot prior to this, and she always said she wanted to be open and wanted me to know when I was older / when the divorce proceedings had gone through. 

But she said that it would badly impact her in divorce proceedings if she could be accused of poisoning the children against the other parent. So she said that she didn't want to have this conversation just now, when we were still young and when the divorce is in progress. She wanted it to wait until all of us (me, my big brother, and my little sister) were older.

After the events in this post, I talked to my mom again and told her everything. And she just seemed relieved and happy and said "OK, so now you know." And laughed about how we'd be saved an awkward conversation later on.

I'm certian she wasn't hurt or sad that we'd seeked out the truth, I actually got more of the impression that the secrets she felt pressure to keep were weighing on her.My sister in law and I are both about 8 months pregnant, being just a few weeks apart. I’ve had a complicated pregnancy so I went on an extended leave from work, leaving me at home much of the day. I watch my brother and sister in law’s daughter frequently and free of charge, usually at a last moments notice. 

Their daughter (9) is a very sweet and intelligent girl. She’s very curious and inquisitive to the point of even being nosy and sometimes snarky/judgmental. She will interrupt a conversation between adults to ask a question about the conversation or input her opinion. This can sometimes be frustrating but she’s never reprimanded for it and always obliged. I still had my Christmas tree up on the 3rd of this month and she walked into house without greeting saying “you’re lazy Auntie, why is your tree up?!”. She’s over heard me paying a bill on the phone and as soon as I hung up she asked “who was that on the phone? why did you pay your bill late?”.  I grew up kind of old fashioned, I would have been told it was rude to ask those kind of questions and better to stay in a child’s place. My beliefs aside, I always patiently answer her questions and let her wedge herself into my personal business. Yesterday, I caught her watching youtube on her phone, which is strictly a NO NO mandated by her parents, when I asked her why she would do that she said “well, they watch youtube so I should be able to watch it.” I explained that they were adults and she was a child, therefore they don’t have to abide by the same rules. She doesn’t seem to understand that she is a child and not equal to an adult.

On to the issue today. At around 8am, her mother texted me asking to watch their daughter at noon because they have a prenatal appointment for an ultrasound and don’t want to leave her sitting in the waiting room for 2 hours. I expressed that I have an appointment with my attorney at 1pm. Her mom said “oh it’s fine, you can just let her wait in the waiting room”. I suggested that they allow their daughter to go to the appointment with them and instead of her waiting in the waiting room, she be able to see the ultrasound and hear the baby, ect. My sister in law said she doesn’t want their daughter in the ultrasound room because she will interrupt and just be her normal, snarky self. My appointment is only about an hour or so but I feel like if her parents don’t want to be subjected to her behavior they need to adjust it and not pawn her off on me.

Am I the asshole for refusing to take her to my appointment?

Edit: I see a lot of people saying I and the family are wrong for discounting her inquisitive nature. This is not the case at all. Everyone always answers her questions in depth, no matter how private or personal they are. When she asked why I paid the bill late, I explained about about my leave from work and having to budget differently. Also, her parents have explained that youtube is not always a safe place for children and will be restricted until a certain age. The child believes that if it’s safe enough of her parents, it’s safe enough for her. She doesn’t agree with being protected from youtube. 

Also, she had a half day at school today which is why the babysitting issue came up.So I’m a nursing student and we’re doing pulses and blood pressures in a test off setting. We are matched with other students to do our pulse and blood pressure we only have one try and if we fail we get kicked out of the program. So I get matched with this girl I’ll call Patty. Patty is at least 350 pounds and her arms are as wide as watermelons. 

So I had to do her pulse well if you don’t know anything about doing pulse on an extremely obese patient it’s hard to find because there are so many layers of fat. So the teacher and I were trying to find her pulse and we both were struggling. We finally got it and the teacher lost it half way through so I had to start over. I mean this is a teacher with many years of nursing experience who couldn’t find this girls pulse because she was over 350 pounds. 

So I’m on a time limit right. So her arm is too big for the regular blood pressure cuff. So I had to find the thigh cuff that people use on thighs on her arm. Well when you pump them up it’s really hard because of all the resistance so I could hardly pump it up too which gave me a wacky blood pressure reading. 

I told the teacher it was unfair that I was partnered with Patty because she was so obese and that I was given an impossible task. I told her that I shouldn’t be out of the program when other people had partners who were a normal weight that they could actually palpitate their pulses. My teacher said that was rude but I think it’s true so AITA?

I just wanted to add that my teacher because she was having problems finding it too gave me a redo and I passed. 

I didn’t say it anywhere near Patty I said it in private with the door closed and I did talk to her after and she didn’t know a thing. I told her I failed but it was going to be ok. We hugged it out. 

I do feel truly bad for feeling hostile toward her since it was my fault that I failed the first time, no one else. But when I wrote this I was in a bad place emotionally and felt a lot of anger toward everyone. I wasn’t even angry at Patty I was most angry at the situation I was put into and I didn’t think I was going to be able to remediate. So I had no anger toward Patty. I was def. being an asshole and immature however so I will concede to that. Thanks all who gave me replies.I’m using an alt for obvious reasons. 

For backstory, I’m female and live in the U.S. I’m on dating apps and I’m finding that a lot of guys are just disrespectful. Some of them are polite and want to start an actual conversation, but a lot, maybe even the majority, are just ridiculous.

A lot of the messages I get are “wanna fuck?” or “what are you looking for?” which is their way of indirectly saying “I want sex with minimal effort”. I even have in my profile that I don’t do random hookups, but I think I overestimated how often people actually read the profiles.

After having this happen a dozen times, I finally snap. A guy on Tinder messages me and the conversation seems to be going okay at first. We message back and forth and then I don’t hear a response. That’s okay, people get busy. 

At around 11:30 pm he hits me with the “Sorry, I got busy. What are you up to? Wanna have some fun?” During our initial conversation I make it crystal clear, I’m not looking for hookups. I don’t to casual sex. So I remind him of this, and he starts negging me. “I knew you’d be a prude”, “not sure why you wasted my time”, “let’s just meet up at my house and talk and see where things go.” 

Finally I was like, “okay, but come to my house.” and then I proceed to give him the address of a McDonald’s. In the next town over. I waited for him to get close to the location, he confirmed that he was about 5 mins away, and I unmatched him.

I just reached my breaking point with shitty men who feel entitled to ENTER MY BODY. I know the right thing to do would be to not engage, but also part of me feels like he deserved it.

I can already imagine what y’all are going to say but reddit, AITA?

Edit: Thank you all for the reddit silver, the blunt feedback, and the laughs. And to the several (presumably) men who PMed me to let me know I'm a fucking bitch who should die, let's discuss this some more at my house. I'll send you my address.I have a 16 year old daughter, and she has 3 big chores that we pay her allowance for. She puts out the garbage, cleans up the dog poop in the backyard, and empties the dishwasher. I refill the dishwasher, so when she doesn't do her job I can't do mine (yes, I could just do it myself, and I have, but we pay her to do it, so why should I?) 

This weekend my wife asked her to empty the dishwasher, and take the trash out. She said "Ok" then just went up to her room. I went up to her room an hour later, and found her laying in bed watching youtube on her phone (Volleyball videos, nothing important, if anything on youtube could be considered important) I took her phone away, and said "Your mom asked you to do your chores, not watch videos, please do them so i can do mine" She said "Whatever" and just continued laying there. So I told her if she is not down in 10 minutes I was going to send a picture of myself to all of her friends on snapchat. Now we have tried plenty of different methods of punishment, but nothing really gets to her. I know how important social media is to the kids now a days, so i figured I would try that, and see if anything happened.

I gave her 20 minutes, and still nothing. So true to my word my wife and I took a selfie on her phone and I sent it to all of her friends with the caption "Someone didn't do her chores like we asked :'( " I didn't go through her messages, i didn't even read the replies to our picture, that was it. A few of her friends know me, and know what I'm like, but apparently the picture went to a group chat from her school, and to a few boys she liked and just stalked on social media, but didn't message. She says it was so embarrassing, and I'm an a-hole for doing that.

But come last night, my wife asked her to do the dishes. She first refused and went up to her room, but I reminded her what would happen if she didn't listen. She was downstairs like a rocket and put the dishes away so fast she almost broke some of them. So obviously the punishment seemed to have worked (for now), but she screamed at me calling me an a-hole all night. I am just a Stepdad, so I'm still fairly new at this. So I thought I would bring the vote to you guys. AITA here?
My friend Jess got a party invite on a Saturday night from Sarah, who she knew in her old dorm.

Jess said it was some sort of spa theme, but we were both like "lol but cut the crap, it's an open invite house party in (trashy area in college town) we all know it's just gonna be an excuse to get drunk. 

So I bought a bottle of whiskey to share. She and I pregamed the party at my place too.

We rolled in a little late, and it was a weird vibe. The girl hosting, Sarah, seemed irritated we were late, which was weird. We went in and everyone was just chilling in the living room with champagne. 

Sarah was giving out lotion samples like a sales pitch. I mainly just talked to Jess through this about some drama going on in our friend group because I didn't know anyone else there. I'd also opened our whiskey and had poured Jess and I glasses after we drank the champagne. Then Sarah sat down and tried getting the group's attention and got annoyed at us for not paying attention.

She was making this pitch to sell things, handing out order forms. But also to recruit other people to sell too. I was kinda giggling to Jess, what the fuck did you bring us to? And what kinda business is that; it makes like no business sense to get more competitors!

Jess was like "shit I don't know, do you wanna see if we can find another party? So we both went on our phones and started hitting people up, unsuccessfully. We were also still sipping whiskey and were getting steadily more drunk especially compared to everyone else.

We started talking to a couple other girls there, a lesbian couple, and I was like "what the hell is this party?" And they basically said that they didn't expect this coming in but it seemed like some kinda pyramid scheme. And wow could they use a better drink than cheap champagne. 

At that point Jess pulled out our big bottle of whiskey and the four of us started sharing it. They took some shots at first then were just sipping. It was genuinely fun, they were really cool people and were telling us a crazy hilarious story that had us laughing like mad.

Then, Sarah came up to our group and were like "can you all leave? You've been rude through every part of this" and Jess went "look, you invited us for a party! If you want this to be a business thing be upfront about it or else people are gonna show up and party. 

Sarah told Jess to grow up. She wanted us to go. I asked if we could wait till Uber surge pricing went down and she said no, to get out if we were gonna be disrespectful. The couple we were hanging out with actually left with us to hang out.

Jess and the girls we'd made friends with got these angry texts that night saying that we were super disrespectful and unsupportive, and trashy if we couldn't even go one hour to support a friend's business without getting sloppy drunk.

AITA for going to a MLM "party" and treating it like a real party?My sister started living with me recently and pays me reduced rent. I was away from home for about a week due to work. I gave her a simple rule of forbidding her bringing anyone over. Not her new boyfriend or her friends. No exceptions to this rule. Well she broke that rule.

During my week away. One of her Instagram posts showed her BF wearing one of my jackets on a night out. I called her out on it and she apologised and told me she put everything back. So now I know that he has been in my room and going through my things. 

What killed me inside was that she also had a party. Lots of drinking involved. Including my vintage whisky. They cost me around £7000 and were near full. So I demanded that they pay me back. 

My sister is begging me that she didn't know and thought her boyfriend bought them. Her boyfriend blocked me and called me crazy. He is now thinking about breaking up with her over this. Everyone I know is calling me an asshole for demanding they cover my loss. Apparently I should forgive a simple mistake. So AITA?
My girlfriend and I have been together for almost a year and living together for about two months. Honestly, I love her dearly and love the time we spend together, but the amount of times she has to inconvenience us by going to the bathroom has gotten extremely annoying. I feel bad for being annoyed by this, but hear me out. 

We can’t go on drive any longer than 2 hours without her needing to stop. When we’re out shopping, at least once we always have to stop what we’re doing to find a bathroom, which can sometimes take up a lot of time. At dinner, I always have to wait after we pay so she can go. At night, she’ll get up while I’m sleeping etc etc. I know she can’t help it, and she’s only 20 and is perfectly healthy, but it’s seriously gotten on my nerves a ton. 

I always have to pause a movie we’re watching or something she’ll even pause foreplay so she can go. I don’t know if she actually has to use the bathroom or is just doing it to annoy me at this point. 

Am I actually the asshole for being annoyed by always being inconvenienced like this? I don’t want to mention it to her that it’s annoying me if I am the asshole here. My gf since June just “came out” to me as aesexual.   I knew the term and honestly never thought about how their lives are.  I guess I just figured they lived alone.  


My gf however just told me that she was aesexual.  I asked her about our sex and she said she had been faking it.  That she didn’t want to lose me. 

I feel so gross.  We have had sex a lot.   If she didn’t enjoy that, it’s just idk wrong.  

She cried when I said I don’t think I can have a relationship without sex.   Like sobbed.   She said that’s why she never told me. 

I asked her how she saw our relationship progressing.  She was really adamant that we could make it work.  That we could even have kids.   But as far as sex I could just get sex toys. 

A relationship with her on her terms really just sounds like friends with a kid.   I already have friends.   I don’t want to have a kid with them.   

She’s super emotional right now, I don’t know how to deal with it honestly.  Her friendship relationship doesn’t work for me. About eight years ago I went to a friend's wedding. While I was there I wound up having a drunken one-night stand with an old friend I went to school with.

The next morning I woke up to her crying, she said she was in a serious relationship and our hookup was a big mistake. I instinctively apologized, but she insisted it was all her fault, and I had no reason to apologize. I gave her my word that I will keep quiet about things, and this would just be our secret.

I've kept my word for years. I never said nothing to anyone, I've actually almost forgot about it myself. 

About a month ago, I was scrolling through Facebook when I seen something that shook my whole world up. I seen a picture of my daughter sitting on some random guy's lap. After a doubletake and a thorough inspection, I realized this was not my daughter. I realized that it was my old friend's husband and their daughter.

The resemblance is uncanny those girls are almost twins. The math adds up and, my thoughts have been driving me crazy for a month now. I want to say something, I feel like I need to know the truth. I need to put my mind to rest. I don't want to break a family, but after my mom passed away, I found out that me and my children are at high risk for colon cancer. If she is my child, I feel like this is something she needs to know.

EDIT: If I found out she was mine, I would most definitely want to be a part of her life. What kind of man would I be if I didn't? I agreed to keep her infidelity a secret, I never agreed to let another man raise my child. 

I feel guilty, because the two of them look so happy in that picture. I would hate to spoil the relationship between those two. I couldn't imagine if I found out my daughter wasn't mine.  But at the same time I can't imagine missing out on my child's life.First post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/d3fipj/aita_for_not_telling_my_recovering_brother_that/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

I truly listened to what everyone said on my last post and I ultimately decided to tell Sam about the video. 

I said him down and followed what some people said and told him, “I love you and I’m so proud of how far you’ve come but I feel like you need to know this. There’s a video out there of you getting high. I didn’t want you to be blindsided by it. I’ll show it to you if you want.”

He thought about it but told me he didn’t want to see it as he thought it would be a trigger for him. 

I told him I understood and that I was there for him. 

As far as I know, he hasn’t watched it. Honestly, I hope he doesn’t but I just felt like he deserved to know. 

I just wanted to update and thank everyone for their comments. It really helped.
A couple weeks ago though I saved up for a weighted blanket because I thought it would be a lot easier to deal with and it totally was. Now I just use that blanket along with my regular comforter and sheet set. Now while I absolutely love it, I don’t need it to sleep.

Last week I (17) got roped into watching my niece (5) over night because my sister had to work and our mom had plans. My niece has autism which causes her to have tantrums every now and then which is why I don’t often watch her, but sometimes I have to because my sister (23) can’t always afford or find a sitter, which is why she still lives with our mom. In case its not clear we’re actually half sisters and half the time I them the other half I live with my dad and step mom.

So my niece had a really hard time going to sleep. Like it was almost midnight and she was all over the place. Which is not uncommon, but I was really tired myself and just wanted to go to sleep. So I thought why not try and use the blanket on her because thats kind of what they’re made for. Well it worked pretty well and calmed her down and she soon fell asleep. I was a little annoyed though that I didn’t have my blanket to use anymore. 

The next morning my sister found her with the blanket and we got to talking about them. I told her how well it worked. She didn’t really believe me so I let her use another night. My sister was very pleased by the results. So, over throughout the week when my niece had two really bad tantrums my sister asked if she could use the blanket. I said yes because she just looked so exhausted herself.

When she looked into buying one she became reluctant because my niece only likes very specific things my sister doesn’t want to get her another one that she may not like since I don’t remember which brand I got. She is short on cash so she doesn’t want to have to buy multiples because honestly they can get rather expensive. I know mine was over $100 because I wanted to make sure I didn’t have to deal with the beads spilling out issues that a lot of the cheaper ones have. I

Well, when I went back to my dads the other night I brought my blanket with me. My sister calls me late one night completely frazzled and asks where I left my blanket because niece just wont calm down. When I told her I had it with me at my dads she was upset. Not at me, just at the situation she had to deal with.

Now I’m supposed to go back to my moms today and I don’t really want to bring blanket back over there or at least sneaking it over there and saying I left it at my dad. I’m tired of not getting to use it whenever I want and also I just don’t want to share it because something about a sharing blanket all the time feels gross to me.

UPDATE: Several people have informed me that it is very dangerous for a child to use an adult size weighted blanket, so I guess the whole thing doesn’t matter now. I’ll just help my sister find a kid sized one.

Also sorry about calling the meltdowns she was having tantrums. Still learning about correct terminology.

Thanks for all the suggestions for places to get blankets guys, but I think everyone already named everyplace that exists. The amount of comments is getting a little insane for me so I’m gonna sign off now. Thanks again.Hi. Obligatory this is a throwaway, I’m on mobile, etc.

So, I (M19), have a best friend (M19) called “Avery”. He’s been my friend since kindergarten, and we’re tight as hell. He came out as gay when he was 15, and I’m super proud of him and how far he’s come. Okay.

So we recently met a girl called “Sally”. Sally is F20, and she says she’s super supportive of the LGBT+ community and shit like that. She’s closer to Avery than she is to me, but we’re all kinda close, but Avery and I are still closer to each other. 

Avery has a boyfriend - “Jackson” and they go out and do stuff and like couple stuff and whatever. Jackson is bisexual, and here’s where it gets weird. Last night, while we were all drunk, Sally confided in me that she thinks it’s cool she finally has a a “gay bestie” and that it’s super sexy when Avery and Jackson make out, and she’s touched herself thinking of that. She also told me that since Jackson is bi, she wants to have a threesome with him and Avery, and maybe make Avery realise “girls aren’t all that bad.”

Imo that’s pretty fucked up. I haven’t talked to Sally since then, and I honestly don’t know if I want to be her friend if this is how she views my friend.

AITA for feeling this way? WIBTA if I tell Avery about this? I feel I’d want to know if I was my friend’s walking porno.

EDIT: this got more attention than I expected, but let me say, if genders were reversed (a male was masturbating to my lesbian friends) I would also feel the desire to tell them. It’s creepy either way. Fuck, it’s creepy if it’s straight to me.

EDIT II: Okay, so I messaged her an hour ago, and her sentiment hasn’t changed, but she did try and laugh it off. She pressed on the “maybe Avery’s secretly bi” for a hot minute, and that if the roles were reversed, I’d probably jerk off to it.My husband NEVER charges his phone.  If I have to reach him during the day, I just can’t.  He gives people my phone number if they need to reach him.  Sometimes I need to reach him (sick child at school, etc.). Sometimes he is home while I am at work.  So I always try his phone first (never charged).  Then sometimes I drop in on one of the Alexas in the house or the Furbo dog camera.  I usually just say, “Hi husband, give me a call when you get a chance.”  Today,  I knew our daughter was having friends over and wanted to discuss those plans since he was to be in charge at home.  Called the phone, phone is dead.  I figured he was on his computer, so I sent a video message to his computer.  He called me back, and boy was he pissed.  He said he was sick of me spying on him with all of my cameras.  He went on at some length about me spying on him.  I’m not.  I don’t give a shit what he does at home.  Anyway he was so mean to me on the phone that I cried for about 15 minutes.  Then when I got home it continued.  Him yelling at me about spying on him.  I’m really not.  I’m just trying to get in touch with him however I can because he refuses to charge his phone.  I’m still upset about him yelling at me, crying on and off all afternoon.  Anyway thanks for reading.
EDIT:  Just to be clear, I ONLY contact him if I have to:  e.g., sick child, after school plans, flat tire.  I’m not calling him excessively or spying on him.  I don’t need to spy on him.  He sleeps, eats and watches TV.I don't want a baby. I never wanted a baby. We are 24 and 25. She is very unwell, we dont know how long she has to live but most likely between 2 and 3 years.

When she was diagnosed she was told having a baby would kill her, so the fact I don't want one wasn't an issue. Now she is looking into other methods that could work. 

This woman was born to be a mother, and she would be the best darn mother in the world. I feel terrible denying her the opportunity to ever know what it's like to hold her own little bundle of joy. 

That said, I think it's a bit unfair that she would like me to have a baby with her, take care of that baby, AND MY DYING WIFE. Just to have her die and leave me a 28 year old guy with a 3 year old baby I never wanted with a dead mother. 

My father died when I was 3, I wouldn't wish it on anyone. I don't want that for my child. I watched my mother from an early age looking after me and my sister with no help from a partner, she still has crippling anxiety issues and it's effected her massively.

 I know what's ahead of me and it's going to be fucking rough. Is it selfish that I don't want to make it any harder than it has to be? 

I just want to go into a 6 month black hole of depression after she dies, I don't want to look after myself, certainly not a baby. 

As you can probably tell by reading this, I can be a bit of a prick. But I don't think I'm being a prick right now. Let me know.

UPDATE: first of all i'd like to apologise, I mislead you, my SO and I are recently engaged, not yet married. I said, wife, because i realise that a very large section of the people who read this would tell me to leave the relationship because being in the same headspace is essential for marriage. if she leaves me because she wants a family then i understand, but it's not an option I'm considering. 

I love her massively, I don't think she is interested in heading back onto the dating scene, and oxygen tanks can put some guys off. I've promised her i will look after her and I'm not going back on that. - im really sorry about that guys, i was trying to narrow down the advice to just yes or no rather than reading through loads of comments telling me to GTFO, but i accidentally made some people question if this was real - and by extension question their faith in humanity.... 

Secondly, when my SO and i met shortly before she was diagnosed and told that a baby was off the table, so we headed towards our future assuming that we were on the same page. 

thirdly, many people are asking what her illness is, i wasn't going to say because i was worried she would find the post and get upset. but because this thread is becoming so popular i think its a good opportunity to raise awareness about a very rare illness called pulmonary hypertension. you can read about it here: https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/pulmonary-hypertension/causes/

finally I would like to thank all of you. Almost without acception, you have been incredibly kind and supportive. some of you think I should have the baby, some of you think its a terrible idea, but all of you are being honest, supportive and kind. Okay so my mom and I have been several times to a certain government office. We like to get there about an hour before it opens so we can get a good a good spot in line (it makes a difference when you get in there, it can take 10 minutes for the first person in line and over an hour if you show up late.)  

So the first time we show up, we get there an hour early and I am the first person standing in line. A couple minutes or so go by and a lady approaches me and says something to the effect of "just so you know, you weren't here first. Other people were in there cars before you got here". I am a little taken aback and say "no, the line starts when someone starts standing in front of the building". I was certain I was in the right and that this was just one odd lady and that nearly everyone would agree with me. 

But then we start to notice a pattern. Every time we show up early, there are always at least one or two people with the same argument. Its gotten to the point where I purposefully wait to be about 5th in line just to avoid the argument, as its not a hill I want to die on.

So now we are curious though, are we the assholes?

Edit: also I forgot, if someone has a physical disability or marks their place in line with a chair or something, we obviously let them go ahead of us.My neighbor is the absolute worst.  He has two large dogs that he’s constantly yelling at, along with screaming at his wife constantly.  His dogs shit all over my backyard.  I’ve confronted him several times about cleaning the shit up.  He told me to fuck off last time and he’s yelled at my son when my son said something to him for stepping in the shit.  So Reddit, Am I the Asshole for changing my WiFi name to this?My wife and I have three children. Our son, the oldest, is eight, and our daughters, the twins, are four. 

My wife's side of the family is very health-oriented, as we are. When our son started eating solids, his aunt gifted us with a set of dishes she had made to match the Harvard Healthy Eating Plate (she has also given a set to nearly everyone else in the family, as they're a big hit). We use them for all meals at home.  

We also do things like having water at most meals, although we also have a cabinet overflowing with different kinds of tea. We don't have sugary drinks such as Coke or juice in the house. If we have sweets, they are homemade and are usually things such as black bean brownies or oatmeal crumble in place of cobbler.

We do not make our children workout, but my wife and I do so in our living room, so they see us and grow up with the idea of it being normal. They like to join us, especially our son, who was very proud of being the only student in his grade to pass the school's fitness test for the past two years. 

We talk about nutrition and that sort of thing with the kids, especially when we go grocery shopping. We let our son pack his lunch, but he has to follow the same guidelines as any other meal; basically half a plate of veggies, some fruit, a type of whole grain, and a healthy protein. For example, today, he took a peanut butter sandwich, applesauce, baby carrots, cherry tomatoes, cauliflower, and pickles.  

So on and so forth.

My sister moved in with us in October. She lost her job and had a bad breakup. She needed a place to stay, and she felt that a change of scenery would be good too. 

My wife and I were hesitant to let her. My sister is, to put it politely, on the opposite side of healthy living. She is the sort of person who drinks a 6pack of Coke within two days, if not one. 

It is worse than we expected. She is constantly commenting on everything, from the fact that I don't make our mom's pork chops and fried potatoes for breakfast every Sunday or why we don't own a deep fryer. 

It has gotten much worse recently, with her making several rude comments about my wife's weight, including accusing her of bulimia when my wife had the stomach flu, and implying that we are raising our kids to have eating disorders as well.

We are now thinking about throwing her out, but she has not been able to find stable work (she is a journalist). She has had brief one-off gigs, but nothing reliable. 

We have had several conversations with her before and during her stay, so I know talking won't help. 

So, WIBTA for kicking her out?


Edit: First, thank you all for your responses. This post has gotten far more attention than I expected. Second, my wife and I have decided that we are going to give my sister a 30 day notice per many of your suggestions.My wife and I are expecting our first in May.  We've been together 10+ with 7 of them married so naturally we've discussed all things baby, family, etc.  One of the things that has come up before is the day of our little ones arrival.  I've stated in no uncertain terms that I believe the only ones in the delivery room outside of medical professionals should be her and I.  My wife however, has expressed that she'd like her mother to be in the room.  We haven't discussed this in some time and definitely not since finding out we're expecting, but I do anticipate the topic coming around again soon.

I take issue with my MIL being there bc while she has been very supportive throughout the process (unsuccessful attempts for years followed by several rounds of IVF) I'm of the opinion that this is one of those bonding moments for us and us alone since we are the ones directly involved in this event.  I'm not saying she shouldn't be at the hospital, or even come in to see her before the procedure begins - I'm fine with all of that.  But when it comes time for the main event so to speak, I feel it's time for her to head to the waiting room.  I want this time alone with my wife to laugh, to cry, to enjoy our child privately before they become a spectacle for everyone else.

I've learned quickly that pregnancy hormones are a very real thing, so I'm not entirely certain what to expect when this conversation happens again.  So I'm wondering AITA if I stick to my guns on this one, or am I better off taking one for the team, sucking it up and letting my MIL (in my opinion) ruin the moment.

&#x200B;

\*Edit: forgot to mention that barring any unforeseen circumstances she'll be having a planned c-section, so unless the kid arrives unexpectedly we won't be doing hours of labor, etc.This one needs a little background. I (40sF) have two younger brothers. We were raised in a very conservative Christian home (think early evangelical movement). My brother “Sam” was pretty obviously gay, but he had a lot of shame and forced himself to marry a woman from church. They had my niece (now 19F). Unfortunately, my brother made some bad choices, and he developed a drug habit which caused him to OD when my niece was four. Our parents are now deceased, and my other brother is career military and gone a lot. I’ve done the best of my siblings, and I have a well paying job and plenty of savings. I have no children.

Because of these circumstances, we (my SIL, niece, brother, and I) are a very close knit family. I’ve always helped my SIL financially here and there, and I’m paying my niece’s tuition at a state university. She’s a good student, and I’m happy to relieve the burden on her mom.

The problem: my niece is getting involved with a pretty conservative Christian group on campus. She was not raised religious, and I’m an atheist, but I respect that some people find religion meaningful and enriching. However, I feel like she’s been adopting homophobic and sexist attitudes (e.g. “complementarity” of the sexes), and I think it’s coming from the group. She also opposes marriage equality now, on the grounds of religious freedom. This could just be a teen rebellion thing, but she doesn’t know her dad was gay. I can imagine how much he’d hurt if he were alive.

I’ve tried to argue it out with her, but she always deflects. Now, I’m considering pulling her spring tuition in order to make my point. I don’t want her going to university if it’s making her a crueler, more ignorant person. That’s not the purpose of education. 

AITA?Before I start I want to mention that I would’ve totally helped out if she asked but she didn’t ask me. And forgive me English is not really my first language.

Anyway my girlfriend was cleaning the house today. She started early in the morning and I wasn’t awake when she started. Today is my day off so I would really like to relax, I slept in today until 11am. I expected to wake up peacefully but not really I heard the vacuum very loudly but I just decided to ignore it. I put some headphones on and that was it. My girlfriend is coming in and out of the room to clean and I notice she is looking annoyed. Well she walks in one last time and is all angy with me, and she starts complaining that she’s busting her has cleaning the whole house and that I don’t have the decency to lift a finger to help her. Well I got really mad at that and I told her this is my day off and I simply want to enjoy it but instead I wake up to the vacuum running and now my girlfriend nagging me. I told her she could’ve ASKED me if she want help but it’s not my response lability. She got even more pissed and then left the house and now my mood is absolutely ruined. I just wanted a nice day off. AITA for not lifting a finger to help her on my day off *even though she didn’t ask me???*so my friend 25f told me yesterday that she was abused a child. I automatically went to tell her how sorry I was and that if she wanted to tell me about it I'm a listening ear. 

she starts to tell me about her abuse and I kinda thought that everything she was telling me was not abuse. 

so she talked about how her phone was taken off her at 8.00 every night. 
he mom would only buy her thrift store clothing. 
her mum had the naughty chair, it was the chair you sat in for 10 minutes if you where naughty. 
she did not get treats after dinner 

she then went on about how sometimes she was starved, so I asked how long that could last. she told me that she was not allowed to eat food an hour before dinner. and midnight snacks where banned. 

I asked if she bad ever been hit, I also added that she can refuse to answer a question if she does not want to answer. 
she had never been hit and her mum never called her any names or yelled at her, unless she was being naughty. 

i asked if there was anything else and she said no. 

that all seemed pretty normal to me. 

I then said, that's not abuse, all the mums i work with at the church group do the same things. 

she got megga pissed and left and is refusing to speek to me. 

I honestly think I was being an asshole and if she does not want to talk to me after this I'll accept. but hey I wanna see what others think. I am 27 and my sister is 33. Me, her and her partner all went out to dinner last night. Before the dinner I told her I couldn't really afford to go and we should just eat at home but she begged me to go out with them and that she would pay for my dinner. I told her I couldn't afford to pay her back this week and she said it's fine she wants to take me out to dinner (we hadn't seen each other in 7 months.) Anyway when we got to the dinner we had a really good time and it was a really nice meal. My meal was $63 (She told me to get it.) and I only had $20 on my card as that's all I had for the rest of the two weeks. When we went to pay, she paid for her and her partners meal and not mine. I stood there and whispered I couldn't pay and she started saying well I need to pay its the law. I was stunned because I explicitly told her I couldn't afford it and reminded her she said she'd pay. She said she said that when she was drunk and Everyone should always carry money even If someone offers to pay. Her partner ended up paying but on the car ride home she belittled me and embarrassed me and her partner even had to say Thats enough and for her to stop. She said I was spoiled and entitled. I would never have gone if I knew this would happened. So AITA

Two years ago, a good friend of mine miscarried her daughter at around 18 weeks. It was a terrible time for her, and it broke her a bit. She chose to deal with it by starting an Instagram where she documents her loss, and for a while that helped. She started to referred to her as having been “born sleeping”, which is baffling to me (I believe that you shouldn’t sugar coat grief/death) but I figured that whatever gets her through the next year was fine, and I did my best to be supportive.

Since then, it’s become her identity. She always talks about it, her “journey”, and her “angel baby in heaven”. Hardly anything else! She even threw a birthday party twice for her daughter.  With a cake and candles!!! The first one I understood, but with the second one....felt ghoulish. I’ve experienced miscarriages (one at 14 weeks, another fairly early on) myself, and while it sucked, it was no great cataclysm, and I got over it rather quickly. I understand not everyone is like this, and that everyone heals on their own timeline, but I think that something is very wrong.

Her house has turned into a shrine for the daughter. Her hospital pictures are EVERYWHERE, and her nursery remains untouched. I would totally just let it go as harmless eccentricity except for the fact that she has a five year old son. He’s such a great kid, but it’s become clear that he is less of a priority to her than her grief. He appears on her social media, but never as like “just her son”, it’s always as “her brother” being graveside, holding the body in the hospital, posed next to a bigger picture of her face, etc. He’s become more of a prop than a person. 

Sometimes she’ll post pictures on her phone of the daughter  (she has SO many from that day, the funeral, etc), while the son tugs at her, begging her to play, and she will ignore him. It’s like she cares more about someone who never even lived than the boy she watched grow up. Her husband works a lot, and she is a SAHM, so while he does his best with the son, but you can tell that the son needs his mom.

Last week, she called me in tears because the son had destroyed some of the framed photos of his sister, and she had found him “destroying the nursery”. She said that she punished him, and told me she had no idea why he would disrespect his sister like that. I told her that “you would probably lose it too if you felt like you were competing with a ghost”, and that her obsession with her daughter is delusional, unhealthy and endangering her relationship with her VERY alive son. She lost it at me, saying I couldn’t possibly understand how she feels, etc. I told her that she needs to accept that her daughter died, and work through it. I urged her to get treatment, or to at least have her son see someone because her neglectful actions are setting him up for psychological damage.  She hung up on me, and though I’ve tried to call her back, she refuses to take my calls. 

AITA?**I want to make it very clear that this isn't about him saying no, it's about how he declined. If he'd just said no, this wouldn't be a conversation.**

My husband and I have been trying for kids for a while. He, as it turns out, has azoospermia, which is no sperm. We've been taking about donors, and he's only comfortable with it if it comes from his brother. Adoption isn't something we could possibly afford right now, and I don't love the idea of a 3rd party getting to call all the shots about us having children. Eric has donated before in college and currently has a son with a girlfriend. He's a little smarmy and self important, but not a bad person. So we asked him, and now I have regrets. 

He sent a very detailed email in which he went into excruciating detail of all the reasons he felt we wouldn't be good parents, and what we'd "need to change" before he would "give us" a child. At the risk of making this post as long as the email itself, there were two main points. 

1. He didn't feel that our income was high enough. He demanded to see financial records. He wanted to see his brother more advanced/settled in a career, and wanted to know my career trajectory as well. Both of us have been in the same companies for 5+ years, and don't have dead end jobs. He also wanted us in a house and not an apartment. 

2. He felt that I and his brother needed to get therapy for "being different". Along this line, he wanted his brother to "act more normal". We would also need to convert and follow their family's religion and "not be a heathen". 

I was furious when I received this. HE COULD HAVE JUST SAID NO. That he acted like the sole way for us to have children and like he could control our lives is ridiculous. I don't want to adopt BECAUSE I don't want to have a third party telling me what my standards are. I'd rather be childless. I called him, screamed at him for the horrifying email, and said I wouldn't want his goods if he was the last person on earth. My husband is urging me to consider his terms, which I'm not interested in. Am I in the wrong here?We're a group of friends that have known each other since grade school. Our friend "Paul" has been with his GF "Ella" for 2 years going on 3. We met her after they had been seeing each other for 1 month and have known her since. Paul took us aside early on and told us she suffers from severe anxiety and depression.

&#x200B;

Our friend group is very close and hang out a least once a week. Paul brings Ella because she says she cannot be left alone due to her mental health issues. We didn't have any issues with this at first, but after 2+ years we are kind of tired of her for these reasons: If we are doing an activity that day that she doesn't enjoy, she will complain the ENTIRE time. She is picky so she has the final say in all restaurant choices. Despite being around us for 2+ years, if Paul gets up to get a drink or use the bathroom she will follow him. She also rarely speaks to us directly and kind of uses Paul as a sock puppet to tell us things. When she does speak to us directly, it's usually to call us out on something. Some examples include walking past a homeless man and not giving him money, spending too much money on X when you could have given it to charities instead, etc. mostly moral things.

&#x200B;

We have told Paul multiple times that her behavior (mostly the complaining part) is unappreciated. Every time he's tried to talk to her about it, he says it causes her to have a panic attack. We love to hang out with Paul and Paul gets very upset if we choose not to invite him to things because of Ella, but we're kind of tired of only doing things Ella likes and eating at the same 3 restaurants. So last week we told Paul that when invite him to things we are ONLY inviting him. We decided that Ella is invited to big events like Christmas parties and the occasional hangout, but only when we literally invite her. Paul did not take this well. He said we are being cruel to someone with mental health issues and are only going to exasperate her anxiety and depression. He also feels like we are basically asking him to choose her or his friends. 

&#x200B;

Side note: We're all in our mid twenties. This isn't about "bro time". Our friend group has women and men and we don't have any issues with any of our other SO's.

&#x200B;

So, are we the assholes?

&#x200B;I made the terrible mistake of watching a medical drama with my pregnant wife. We’ve been binging House M.D. and of course there’s a pregnancy complication episode where a dad is asked to choose between the baby and the mother (the mother was going to die either way it was just a little quicker). My wife said that she’d want me to choose the baby if it came to that. I told her there was no fucking way I would do that, we could have another baby but I could never have another her. She got all mad and questioned my commitment to being a father and I said I’m committed to being a father but I’m more committed to being a husband. This argument went on forever.  I told her that if she was brain dead or was going to die either way I would choose the baby but otherwise it’s her She said basically said what she wants over and over and I said I’m not spending another 50 or years without her. This is all because I love her more than anything else in the world. We’re still in disagreement over this completely hypothetical situation. Before anyone asks: yes it has occurred to me I can just lie because chances are this will never happen but it just feels wrong to lie about it.

AITA?I got permission from the moderators to update and I wanted to share what happened. 

Here is the original if you didn’t see it yesterday:

https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/apiwrd/aita_for_kicking_a_girl_off_my_airsoft_team/


Since people had things tonight we agreed to meet over lunch and all but 3 people agreed to show up, even among the people that quit outright. So including me 16. I got to the office where we had it and was so surprised to see Madison sitting there. So that made it 17 people. The guy who has been on the team the longest  basically said that in light of what happened Sunday, he would do the talking. This really annoyed me but i remembered how much bad feedback I got here and didn’t say anything. 

They started off by having Madison say her thing. I have to admit she was very rational and but she did start crying which made me really uncomfortable. But basically her point was she just moved her for grad school, she didn’t want to do the bar and club scene anymore and she said the loved all of us for never asking her out or making her feel uncomfortable and it was the first time she felt like she ever found a group of people, including her sorority, where people didn’t judge her for her looks. I was like sure, whatever you think but come on. Anyways she said she was really sorry for not keeping our standards and she was just trying to have fun and she is a girl and doing crazy things with her hair or wearing pink camo is just in her mind set. She asked me if I would please consider if I she could stay on the team. 

I was totally on the spot so I was just started out by saying that I was sorry and I overreacted. But then I said I think it’s best if I step down because it was obvious I take it too seriously and if 5 people quit in the spot, obviously it was time for a change. But as long as I was still doing it, I was happy to have her back. 

So that lifted a huge weight in the room. So we got into more business and it turns out that the reason Madison had not bought her competition gear is because she was reaching out to various companies using her “insta-fame” to get our team sponsored. She said the reason she didn’t tell me anything because these deals are very tenuous and she didn’t want to let us down if they fell through. So she’s still working on the uniform stuff but she did get an incredible deal to become a representative for an ammo company so starting with the tournament in March we will have absolutely free airsoft pellets, which for a team of 20 people who play mostly every weekend is huge. She is starting an airsoft specific Instagram and she expects it will take off and she’ll get deals for the team. I’m literally blown away by her generosity and I’m sure she’ll make some income from it, but she’s choosing to share with us after the way I treated her. 

But anyways so we talked about more team business and we decided that we would sort of split the leadership position in that we would have an adminstrator for day to day stuff and that’s going to be the guy who started the meeting but everyone was happy with how I managed the team for tournaments so I’ll be in charge of all tournament related business and conduct at tournaments.  We also agreed that we would dramatically loosen the uniform requirements for weekend local play and Madison (or anyone I guess) could wear her pink camo or do her hair in bright red pony tail puffs as long as she was being safe (no belly shirts) but tournaments we would still have our team unforms.

So that is where we are. Team is still together, we get a bunch of free stuff and maybe more on the way. Madison is cool but it was the first time a teammate hugged me after a meeting but I guess we have to adjust to hugging and crying at our meetings. It’s weird but i guess I can stand to update my world view. It's been a bit over a week since my post here made front page, and it's taken about that much time to finish reading through the responses.  You're answers were overwhelmingly positive (save for a few), and today I finally solidified my position and pulled the trigger. 

First the good - When I returned home, I searched the box that I had hid the pictures and scrapbook to find that they were gone. Upon inquiring of their whereabouts, I was directed under a bathroom sink. There I found the remains of the scrapbook, mostly put back together. However, I realized that at least 2 pages were missing. I also noticed that a few pictures in question weren't present. Upon questioning, I was directed to a trash can, where I found a couple torn pictures. Still, to my dismay, I found that the contents of the ravaged scrapbook were still incomplete. Further investigation revealed another stash of torn pictures. Finally, I have attained all of the pictures. (Shout out to the private messages offering to reconstruct them. A massive thanks to you!)

Two more days passed and I demanded that she apologize to my daughter for destroying the scrapbook (which now resides in my daughters room). Apology accepted, now comes the hard part. 

I wont bother lying to you all, for I fear you would see through me. I considered trying to work through it. I thought, perhaps her efforts to repair the scrapbook are worthy of forgiveness? 

NAY!

Seriously guys. I cant thank you enough. If it weren't for your guidance, I would probably continue to expose my daughter to this woman. Our relationship has ended, and I am now focused solely on raising my beautiful baby girl and my career.

Edit 1 - Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/aht3zd/aita_for_not_throwing_away_pictures_of_my_exwife/?utm_source=reddit-androidHeavy topic but I need some perspective on if I’m doing the right thing.

So I’ve got two other siblings and growing up my parents were mostly comfortable for a long time when we were young. My mom was a SAHM her entire life. When I turned 12 (I was the youngest) my dad lost his job during the financial downturn and we really struggled. My mom could have worked, but didn’t, even though my brothers and I were all in school. 

My dad never got as high paying of a job subsequently but my mom never cut down on her spending and never got a job. I distinctly remember coming home for college and seeing my dad break down over bills because they were heavily in debt at this time. My mom still never worked and would resort to very bullshit, borderline sexist answers as to why she wouldn’t (ie “I gave him 3 kids. The least he could do is support us.”) 

3 years ago my dad passed away because of a largely stress/lifestyle induced heart attack. My mom encouraged him to move 6 hours away to work a high pressure job in a new city to try to earn more money. Between never seeing his family, living in a tiny apartment, and getting terrible sleep because of his hours, he died alone and we never got to say goodbye. The worst part is I found out recently my mom didn’t allow him to fly home as frequently as he liked to “save money.” I suspect he was heavily depressed the last few months of his life.

Starting last year my mom started begging my brothers and I for money because she has no job and no source of income obviously. My brothers send money home every month but I refuse to. I tell her she could do ANYTHING to support herself, she’s only 52, but she very pitifully asks me if I want to see her bagging groceries. 

My brothers think I need to contribute because she’s mom and she’s just how she is. I don’t want to and occasionally feel like an ass for saying no. My boyfriend supports me but it feels like he’s the only person who does. AITA?Link to original post:[https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/eb1jzh/aita\_for\_not\_wanting\_a\_relationship\_with\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/eb1jzh/aita_for_not_wanting_a_relationship_with_my/)

I decided not to cut my step family out of my life.  My second question if I was TA if I go or not and people say its up to me.  So I went to my step mom's place for christmas, this was my first time with my step mom and step sister without my dad. It was super hard cause I sat in the seat he always sat on and I just broke down crying. I am forever grateful for both my step sister and step mom cause we all just had a group hug on her couch while I bawled my eyes out. It ended and we didn't open presents but just talked. We had brunch and it went well tho I was holding in tears for the whole thing, this was the first time I could see they actually do care for me and I care for them. They are my family, I didn't stay the night cause I def couldn't do that but I left around 11 at night. This was the first time I ever felt like a full family unit and not the bad kid who fought with my step mom was just wasn't the nicest to my step sister. I thank them so much for not holding a grudge when I went through my teen rebel phase. I hugged them both goodbye and went home, I feel like me giving them a shot and going to my dad's place helped me realize that these are the people who have always been there for me. I mean they were the ones who didn't give up on me when I was a troubled teen and I love them both for it. I text my step sister almost daily now even if its just a good morning or I have the day off and I call my step mom a bit too now but it goes a bit deeper and I've started to really trust her like a mom.  

Thank you all for the advice and to not cut them out cause it really did help me realize that we ARE a family.  We have been since I was 8 and I love and care for both of them very much.

Edit:I posted this same update on r/relationships so that’s why it looks familiarLong story short, my partner and I decided to have a simple courthouse wedding and just spend a simple day together. Nothing set in stone but we had general ideas for activities. Everything seemed in order.


My mother seemed fine with it at first and kept telling us that we should do what we want and that she didn't care. After some time passed, she told us the wedding officiant wanted to speak with us.  Basically, she planned an entire wedding for us and invited both of our close families (about 20 people). She did plan this with me in mind and kept the whole thing small and simple for a wedding so nothing too outlandish. I get the impression that she did this mostly for her parents/my grandparents. She's also covering all the costs.

WIBTA if I said no even though she already paid some deposits and invited so many people? I feel like I'm being ungrateful and we should just suck it up and go through the whole thing for family, but at the same time. we wanted this to be a day for us and we feel like we don't have any control over our own wedding. I also feel that I'm being guilted into this. My partner is being painfully supportive. If they wanted it, I would go through with it no questions asked and told them as much. But they're saying it's my decision.x.TLDR at the bottom;

Hello, all! Well, if it isn't obvious already from the title, I am dying. I don't feel the details are super relevant to the issue at hand, but for those who are curious about my ultimate demise, I have cystic fibrosis and after two rejected lung transplants, I've been told there isn't anything else they can do except keep me comfortable in my last few weeks. I've begun my preparations for my funeral and such and while I was thinking it would be a breath of fresh air in this whirlwind of death, I could not have been more wrong.

Now, on to the title! My parents are both STRICT Southern Baptists and want a very traditional funeral. This includes; hymns to be sung during the memorial, a casket and graveside service, a viewing, countless prayers during the memorial, scripture to be read, etc. My issue with this is...well, everything. I am the complete opposite of my parents; not religious, curse like a sailor, drink like the Irish, you name it. Everything they are wanting and attempting to plan is not me as a person. I've somehow made it to 25 and managed to meet the man of dreams and marry him last year and he is torn. He wants me to have it exactly as I want, he just doesn't want to have to deal with my parents after the fact while actively grieving. I have two siblings, one of which is a clone of my parents and one that is a mixture of my parents and myself. 

I want my service to be one full of laughter, funny stories and pictures, upbeat music, cats (my husband and I are avid cat lovers), I want confetti and shit! But, more importantly, I want to be cremated and put in a fucking cat-shaped urn. I told my husband I wanted my ashes to be handed out like party favors (so my family and friends can take me with them because I love to travel) and he looked horrified. 

My parents are absolutely NOT on board and are essentially planning everything how they want. Attempting to take me "shopping" for a casket, flowers, picking out hymns and verses, the whole deal. I'm obviously not very pleased. 

So, I guess my question would be, WIBTA if I took control of my own funeral and wrote a will to be followed exactly how I want it? I understand my parents are grieving and I've tried to compromise with a mixture of both my views and theirs, but, they aren't having it. I never thought dying would be so fucking stressful and I just want to enjoy what time I have left, without leaving a bomb of emotion and disappointment behind. Please, help.

TLDR: I am dying and my parents want to plan a funeral that "isn't me" as a person.

EDIT: I should clarify the "ashes as party favors" thing. I wanted my closest friends and family to go home with a vial or something of the sort of my ashes that way they could do with them as they please! Not everyone will get a piece of me, as strange as that sounds!

2nd EDIT: HOLY SHIT. I was not expecting this! THANK YOU. Seriously. I have read every comment and I wish I could reply to every single one, that is the goal! So, please, be patient with me. Thank you to everyone for the kind words and messages, it's been so overwhelming and if I were a cat, I would be making biscuits and purring until I keeled over. I am writing down everything that I want and will be approaching my parents in order to find a compromise. Yes, funerals are for the living and being able to remember that person for who they WERE. I am not all of the things my parents wanted me to be and I want them to understand this as they deal with my passing. I am willing to compromise, so, wish me luck! I will attempt to keep up with everything and as lame as this sounds, I'm off living my best life and trying to do something different everyday, so, I won't always have my phone. Tomorrow we are travelling to the fucking Everglades so I can watch my husband be terrified while on an airboat. It's going to be awesome.Throwaway for reasons.

8 months ago my husband passed away. He had an adult son from a previous marriage and the two of them weren't very close. I don't think they hated each other or anything like that. Honestly, I think the divorce had more to do with it. Because of reasons I won't go into here, his ex-wife basically had sole custody of their son and the two of them never had a chance to fix that relationship. 

Anyway, my husband held some animosity about the whole affair because he felt like his son sided against him in the divorce. Right before he passed he made me promise not to give his relatives any of his possessions (he had a bad relationship with his family and he owned some family heirlooms) and I asked him "what about \[son's name\]" and he paused and he said "he doesn't get anything either". Honestly, I was shocked, but I was pretty much grieving at this point so I didn't question it. 

Well, about a month ago his son reached out to me over email asking if he could have a couple of his father's items. He said he's been regretting that they never repaired their relationship and that he never got to say a proper goodbye. The items he asked about were small things like a gold lighter he remembers (I still have it) and a blue button up shirt (I don't know which one specifically, but I still have all of his old clothes). I responded and told him that unfortunately it would go against his father's wishes to give him anything and he replied very politely "I'm sorry to hear that. Thanks for responding." and that was it. 

About a week later his mother sends me an email calling me names and a bitch for not giving her son the things he asked for and that I'm basically preventing him from moving on. I didn't respond and I blocked her email and I haven't heard anything since. 

I've been feeling sick ever since this happened. I'm still trying to move on from his passing and I'm not trying to stop him from moving on, I'm just trying to honor my deceased husbands wishes, but I feel like I've done the wrong thing and I don't know how to handle this. 

Was she right? Am I in the wrong?Sorry if the title is off and for any mistakes here goes,

I visited the shelter because I was feeling low and cats are awesome so I thought I’d volunteer and maybe get some cat therapy.

So I went down with my BFF and BF and we played with kittens and old cats (PS: favourite gala name was granny and she was so moody, I loved it). I saw my now cat Zuzu, I didn’t go up to her at first because I knew I’d fall in love with her. So my foresight didn’t save me and I learnt she had been abandoned since late Jan 2019. It was then May, so she had been there for +/-5 months. I spoke with the manager and he said he’d phone the owner and see if they’d get back to him and he told me to wait a week. So I did, I confirmed payment on her shots and snips and waited another 3 days for the owner to contact back. They never did. 

So it’s now a about month in an I post a pic of her on social media, the owner is a distant acquaintance, a friend of a friend kind of thing. It’s a small town. She sends me a direct message and claimed ownership. I explained the situation as well as the attempts at contact and she called bullshit. She never addressed the abandonment, and bowed when I firmly stated that the cat was now in my care and I would provide her with a lovely home. She hasn’t responded yet and I did apologize to her in the messages. It’s weird I know where she lives and works, it’s one of the nice bars in town. She’s a sweet person but,

I just feel bad. I understand cat love. I understand bonds, but how can you leave a kitten in a shelter for +/-5 months? How long is that even in cat time? 

I’m conflicted but feel like I’m doing the right thing. I thought very long about bringing a cat into my home and even got the support of my housemates and close friends. I gathered supplies and made what I couldn’t afford. I love that fluffy stinkball, but how do I manage this relationship in a small town? Do I ignore it? I just don’t know how not to be the asshole here...

Edit: 
Abandoned as in at a shelter, not on the side of the road. Left there after being put into boarding,

The local SPCA does have a boarding facility but on weekly fee basis. She (Zuzu was left there for way over that time) and the owner was contacted before my attempts after filing for adoption.  

Thanks guys, I really appreciate that a lot of people get why I feel so bad but also firm on the decision. 

There’s some photos of Zuzu on my profile for anyone asking as well. Thanks! Oh and cool silver thanks! Cool platinum! Thank you!My husband and I were married for 3 years. He died in a car accident 8 months ago. It was absolutely devastating.

When we got married, I took his last name. I didn’t want to that badly but talked myself into it. Sharing a family name is so nice and I wasn’t interested in hyphenating. Getting used to a new name is weird. I really love my family and they have been a huge support through this whole ordeal. I do like my husbands family but I was never particularly close to them. 

I made the decision to go back to my maiden name. Since my husband is gone, we have no kids and I’m not close to his family I didn’t think it was that big of a deal. It’s my name - I have to live with it and I want to share a name with my family who are super important to me.

My former in-laws freaked when they found out. They said I was being disrespectful to my husbands memory and to them. They said it looks like I’m trying to erase him from my history. Some of my husbands friends expressed disappointment as well.

I think that’s an overreaction. I will always love and miss my husband. I don’t think my last name changes that. AITA? Is it disrespectful?

EDIT: this really blew up overnight. Thank you all for your kind words.
In the comments I mentioned that I changed my name on Facebook. The only people who knew about my name change before this were my mom and sister. I didn’t include this info in the original post because it didn’t seem important. If my in-laws had an issue with it, they didn’t express that to me. They are upset about the name change itself. I’m not sure what the protocol is for changing your name. I didn’t tell anyone ahead of time when I changed it the first time. Making some announcement to people like you do when you get engaged or pregnant didn’t seem right since this isn’t exactly a life changing event. But I hear all the comments on the subject - thanks for the input and advice.Context: My BIL has been going through some serious mental issues related to depression.  Basically, he has been kind of cutting himself off from everyone.  Friends, family, etc.  He has a huge victim complex and feels like the world is out to get just him.  My wife and I along with my FIL and MIL have been trying for months to get him to open up again and do family and friend gathering stuff.  FINALLY after months of trying, BIL out of the blue wants to host Christmas at his apartment.  He seems genuinely excited about it.

SUCCESS, right?  Not so much, apparently.  After this big breakthrough, my MIL has the audacity to tell him/us as a group that she doesn't want to do Christmas at his apartment and instead wants to do it at my and my wife's house again because "I want to have a real Christmas and Christmas dinner".  The implication being that BIL's apartment was not good enough to host a small family gathering.  This just makes everything awkward and in my opinion, was an extremely rude thing to say to anyone, let alone to someone suffering from depression and making an attempt at a social gathering.

This immediately pissed me off.  It caused my BIL to basically lose all the interest he had in the holidays.  He has reverted back to probably not even joining us this Christmas and wife and I are in the awkward spot of possibly hosting Christmas while coaxing BIL to come after MIL just took a giant shit on him.Anyway, I told my wife that night that MIL was, "Being a ridiculous, petty bitch that she would ruin your brother's one time he made a real effort and it was on Christmas."  Wife insists I am being an asshole for seeing it that way and that MIL "just wants a nice Christmas dinner".

I still stick to my guns that MIL was being a rude, petty...well...bitch.  What do you guys think?  AITA here?

EDIT (INFO): BIL lives alone in a 3 bedroom apt and there would be 5 of us there.  More than enough room to be comfortable.  


EDIT (CLARITY): Victim complex was not intended as an insult or "eye-rolling", dismissive remark.  He has other tendencies that can only be defined as a victim complex, where he views other peoples' harmless actions as malicious attempts to spite him even when he is not involved.    


Also, yes, I have every intent of checking in on BIL and will put my foot down about hosting Christmas at our place.  Reading through the comments (I can't possibly reply to all of them, but I am grateful) I see a lot of people identifying with BIL here and I am thankful for your input and for sharing your perceptions.  There is no way I'm letting him spend Christmas alone, even if he fights it a bit.Aita for not giving in and letting my husband use the car? 
Last year when we got our tax return we desperately needed a car, instead he spent a good chuck of our money on a motorcycle. Leaving me and our children with out transportation. I reluctantly agreed to him buying it on one condition, that I never wanted to hear him complain if he had to ride in the rain. 
Fast forward we have a crappy car and his bike, and every time I have a day off from work he wants to take my car to work and throws a fit when I’d rather him not. I have things I need to do And it’s so rare I get a day off during the week. He feels like I’m not being a good wife because there is a chance it will rain today. But I don’t see why I have to put all the errands off and be stranded at home all day because he just HAD to get a motorcycle. Am i the asshole?

*edit* I ended up going to work today anyways lol so I needed the car!I (23F) recently went to a dealership to get new wipers put on my car. I was there for all of 5 minutes while a guy who worked there (late 20s M) put the wipers on. We had a short, friendly conversation and then I paid and went on my way, thinking nothing of it. 

However, later that evening, I received a text from a number identifying himself as the guy from the dealership. He basically said he had a great time talking to me, and was hoping that we could meet up some time to talk again in the future. 

This made me really uncomfortable because I never gave him my phone number. He must have gotten it from my profile with the dealership. I feel like that’s a breech of privacy on his part, and if he wanted to shoot his shot he could’ve just done it while I was there in person. 

So WIBTA if I report him? I would have no doubt about it if he had made me uncomfortable during our irl interaction, but we had a pleasant conversation. I don’t want to get anybody in trouble, but it just really sits the wrong way with me that he has access to so many peoples information and is willing to use it in that way.To preface this, I am 20, my boyfriend is 21, and my mother is 53. 

My mother has always been one to seek validation from others. She’ll bring up pictures of her female classmates and ask me or my dad or my 24 year old sister how old they look or she’ll compare herself to her sister (my aunt) and get my dad to say that my mom is prettier and skinnier than her sister. When pretty actresses are on tv she’ll make comments to my dad like “Here’s your woman. She’s a redhead. You can go ahead and leave me for her” and such. I’m sure you get the idea. 

I (barely) tolerated her desperation for approval and validation up until Sunday when she did something awful. 

I am in college and met a great guy friend early last year when we were taking a few classes together. His dad owns a limousine company in my area for special events (weddings, prom, birthdays etc) but his dad was sick so he allowed my boyfriend, his son, to use the limousine to take us to the airport. My sister is in the military and is coming home for the first time in several months so we wanted to surprise her by picking her up in a limousine since she’s always wanted to ride in one but has never gotten the chance to do so.

I asked everyone to please be nice to him because he and I had a few classes together and we are friendly. I didn’t mention that he and I have started dating. I didn’t want to tell them about us dating because I didn’t want anyone making jokes or teasing us about it. He and I are seemingly very compatible and I wanted to get him comfortable with my family if it ever gets serious. We have only been dating around 7 months and date each other exclusively. We are boyfriend and girlfriend.

We (myself, my parents, my 21 year old brother, and boyfriend) leave and everything is fine for a few minutes until my mom starts making awful sex jokes. I can’t even remember them all, but I do recall her saying something to him about paying “another way” and implied sex and blow jobs. She started talking about how her kneecaps are red (she got them from getting on them and cleaning the house) and she said she was going to do it again tonight for my dad when we got home. Even my brother (who is the SAME AGE as my boyfriend) and dad were not feeling it after a while. I apologized to my boyfriend and asked my mom to stop. She didn’t. If you thought it stopped when we picked my sister up, you’d be wrong.

After we got back home, I refused to get out and asked him to take me to my apartment. I was **SO** embarrassed and my boyfriend was visibly uncomfortable. I have since blocked my mom’s phone number and got my sister to bring the spare key I had given my parents so they no longer have access to my apartment. My sister comes here to visit with me because I can’t stand to be around my mother. I have apologized so much to my boyfriend for my family and he told me that he’s sorry, but he isn’t sure if the relationship will go further and needs time to think.

I’m so angry and hurt it’s unreal.My husband and I have 2 children, Caroline, 4, and Jacob, 6.

My twin sister, Grace, has 3 kids. David, 7, Adam, 9 & Rose, 13.

For the first decade of Rose's life she was raised by our parents (her grandparents), and when Adam was born he also came to live with them, because Grace couldn't afford to have them living with her. A few years ago Grace invited Adam and Rose to come back and live with her, saying she now had the time/money to take care of them. She ended up spoiling the boys but said that Rose, who had hit puberty, was a "woman" because of this and was expected to take on the same role Grace had, so Rose ended up basically being a live in nanny to her brothers.

It was our birthday yesterday, and we always have family dinner with our parents, spouses, and children, at our parent's home.

At one point Rose excuses herself, heads for the bathroom, and about 10 seconds later we hear her say "what the FUCK". Me, dad, and my husband all go to look and about a 3 feet up the wall is a large scribble in crayon. It starts at 3 feet up and the highest point of it is around 6 feet off the ground.

We go back to the table and tell the others what we saw. David immediately looks guilty.

Edit: at this point we ask the kids to leave the room, so it's just me,my sister, my husband and our parents at the table.

My kids are shorter than average, with Jacob barely being over 3.5 feet tall and Caroline being just about 3 feet. Neither are tall enough to have drawn 6 feet high.

David is a little over 4 feet tall, and he could have reached that high.

Grace immediately tells me that I shouldn't have brought Caroline and Jacob with me, of course something was going to happen.

I started explain that the height of the picture ruled out my kids, but she interrupted saying that of course I'm going to put the blame on her kids because my kids can do no wrong in my eyes.

I responded that my kids aren't angels. I'm not going to sit here and say they've never done anything wrong. But they know better than to draw on walls.

Grace then gets angry, saying that I am implying that she didn't raise her kids properly and how dare I accuse her children.

I say that Rose is great kid, but her sons have a history of doing stuff just like this. The drawing is too high up to be my kids, which leaves her boys to be the likely suspects.

Grace then says it has to be one of my "brats" who did it because she raised all of her children better than that.

In anger, I say "you didn't fucking raise them!"

She gets quiet, collects her kids, and leaves. Rose refuses and stays with us. I end up cleaning up the mess on the wall and Jacob tells me that he saw David in the arts and crafts box. My parents want me to apologise to keep peace and Rose says that while she gets where I'm coming from, she's getting calls from her mum saying she needs to come home and complaining about me, so until I apologise Rose is dealing with it. I still haven't contacted her to apologise, and I have no intention of doing so.

AITA?

Update: David confessed to the drawing. Grace texted her saying David confessed and Rose should have watched him better and this would never have happened. Grace hasn't contacted me yet and has made it clear to Rose that she still expects an apology.

For people asking about CPS: We have social services here. I work in education, and I have a friend at social services. I told her about the situation as a hypothetical and she pretty much said that I could report it but the best case is that they'd monitor the situation (but not intervene just yet) as they struggle to define parentification and struggle to get it classed as something bad enough to remove the child from the home.My brother Howard [32M] and I [24F] are renting a house from our father. Originally it was just me and a cousin, but Howard moved in when she left. Howard and his wife, Janis, have two kids. My niece [5F] and nephew [2M] spend half the week with one parent, and half the week with the other. Howard has them from Friday to Monday morning. 

The current problem—

I have tried to talk to my brother about his expectations of “help” and that I find them unreasonable. I am not the second parent in the household, I view us living together as roommates, not really a family unit. I am here until I finish school and can move out on my own. 

He wants to go to the gym or go out with friends, but the times he wants to go are during MY only free time. I feel like I shouldn't be asked to give up my free time when babysitters are available for that kind of thing--he is just too cheap to hire one. His argument, that he would do the same for me, is empty. I don't plan to have kids. He has insulted me for not dropping everything to watch his kids, calling me “selfish” and “shallow” for not helping him out. 

Howard says-- 

I have an issue with my sister not helping because we live together and we should, as a family, be willing to help when need be. I feel like she has done very little to help with the kids. 

She makes her own meals, but she doesn’t offer to help make meals for the kids. She is not home much, but when she is, she will order something small to the house and not ask if I want anything [I will give her $$$]. 

When I ask her to help me get the kids ready for something, she tells me no. We have gotten into arguments because she will see I am trying to get the kids ready and she just leaves, without even asking if I am okay. 

I need to get away from the kids sometimes. I have asked her to watch the kids while I get milk from the store. She says she will pick up the milk for me. When I tell her I need a minute alone, she says the offer is “I get the milk or nothing.” 

I am drowning in debt, I have a failing marriage, my kids are a lot, and my parents live far away. I just need some help and she has refused to be more than a passing stranger in their lives. I am hurt, overwhelmed, and resentful—which I don’t want to be. But I feel like she could help more, or even a little bit. 

Our dad has a pool in the back. She swims laps every morning. It was 90* here the other day and the kids wanted to swim. I had to take calls and asked if she would watch them for 20 minutes. She said, no she was finishing laps, making breakfast, and going out with friends. So she didn’t have time. I would desperately like some help. 

Conclusion—

We both think we are right and cannot think of a way to make the other person understand. Thanks for the help

-- “Howard” and “Rene.”Over a year ago the microwave at my office died. The company refused to replace it. They said we could use money we earned for prizes to go towards that. This would take a long time. 

I wasn't having that. At the time I went out and spent about sixty dollars on a microwave. Initially I kept it at my desk, but everyone kept coming to use it. So I moved it to the office kitchen. 

Everyone who saw it at my desk is gone. It's just been "the microwave". Anyway, my wife and I bought a new house recently and it needs a microwave. Our new home is close enough to the office that I can commute home during lunch. So I took my microwave home. Generally speaking I close the office and I'm the last one here. I took it home when nobody else was here without saying a word. 

A lot of my peers are FURIOUS I "stole" my own microwave. Even the company owner and my manager are upset saying I snuck it out at the end of the day or that if I bought it for the office it should stay here. That was never my intention. I never communicated it , but I always meant to take my microwave home with me. It's not like sixty bucks is a lot of money but it's not an inconsequential amount. I dont see why they can't all chip in a bit and buy one that way. Five bucks each or something. I said that and again more angry reactions. 

The screwy thing is my wife is even on their side. Saying most people see it as company property and it's been there so long we should let it go and WE should buy another one. I'm not willing to budge here. It feels foolish that I should donate my personal property because people expect me to. 

AITA?

Edit: Thanks for the input on this one. I guess I was honestly an asshole here. I didn't intentionally bring it home in a way to actively make my coworkers uncomfortable but I think I was also stuck on the "mine" like a toddler. This is a bad situation for everyone. I'll take some time and reflect on bringing it back.

Edit 2 : Just to clarify my office has a lot of turnover. It was abundantly clear with that initial group of staff that if was my property. BUT since then it's a lot of new faces. Not justifying anything. Just providing more context to my actions.

Edit 3:
Obligatory "this blew up way more than I expected!"

 A lot of people seem to be asking "why doesn't your boss provide one". I work in an insurance agency. We spend little time in office as possible. Especially the agents and financial advisors. The owner believes more creature comforts = more reason to stay in the office. She says that's how it was when she came into the business. Not a position I exactly agree with. it's nonsense to think a microwave will have a sharp decline in sales. At some level she is entitle to this opinion because she owns the business and she is the largest agent in the area by a very wide margin. Not justifying it. Just sharing. 

Right now I've asked around the office and sort of calmed the waters with most everyone sans 2 or 3 people. Most people took the apology in stride. A few are angry for the sake of it. Planning on confronting the owner at some point tonight. A few people are willing to split the cost but that's if she isn't willing to cave on the issue. Just wanted to add this.

Final update : Met with my boss. It was a very mixed bag. I read a lot of comments on and off today. I decided to throw some weight around. Telling her how much I've earned her what I've done. I basically laid it to the basics that it wasn't fair what she was doing. I told her she created this situation. I told her most people who produce at my level leave in 5 months for other companies. I asked her why I shouldn't go to the place everyone else leaves to. 

She didn't like that. She told me this is EXACTLY why she doesn't like appliances in the office. If it wasn't for clients she'd ditch the coffee machines and fridge too. We sort of went back and forth with this for a while. My boss asked me how would I like it if she went to my home and demanded I bring something in. She disclosed her annual salary. It's very similar to what I make. I called that bluff and asked about business profits. Told her she wouldn't run a company like that if she only made some 11k more than me. 

Negotiations broke down. At some point during this her assistant who's been with the company since day 1 went down the road and bought a microwave and toaster oven from a consignment shop a few blocks over using the imprest fund. She ended the conversation telling my boss "quit your damn bickering and do some work so we can go home." 

I feel bad about dragging my bosses assistant into it. That woman is a SAINT. But I suppose this is the desired outcome of it all.

Edit whatever electric boogaloo: turns out at least one of my colleagues found this since it hit the front page. So that's... fun? But seriously y'all, posting "quit immediately and now". That's a bit drastic. I have a lot of gripes. But I plan on sticking with my job for a few years for experience. That's a funny thing you see on reddit a lot people say "quit right the fuck now". But like, people have houses/bills/etc. I have a daughter. This is the real world. You have to dance to that fiddle sometimes.I have a 11 month old baby. Super awesome little dude. I also have a 10 year old daughter from a previous marriage. I raised her as a single dad from 18 months to the present. 

I've been very careful to not tell my wife how to do things or how I did them in the past because she's excited to have the  experience of a baby and she's expressed things like "you've done this before. This is my only chance to have a baby." (I got the snipsnip shortly after he was born). Basically I don't want to Dadsplain parenting. 

This has led to things that I personally think are potentially problematic (ie she won't do cry it out even though the doc said it's time) BUT I'm happy to let her have her way so long as lil dude is healthy and safe. (Yes we've talked about it and she knows where I stand on it. That's not what I'm worried about being an asshole about) 

So the other day, I'm putting his shoes on and she tells me, "be sure they're on the right feet." Or while giving him a bath "be sure to clean his diaper area well." 

DUUUUUUUUUDE. I KNOOOOOOOOOOW.


And it's been like that since the beginning. "you've got to support his head." " You swaddle him too tight" ( I didnt. That shit's supposed to make then immobile).

Like I said. I want her to enjoy the ride. But I kept a kid alive for a decade almost entirely by myself. I don't need to be told how to put a pair of shoes on a baby or any other obvious shit. 

Would I be the asshole if I told her "you know I know what I'm doing, right?"My sister is a mother of 2 kids, ages 12 and 10. She invited me over tonight for "sister time". I arrived and she and her husband just... left. They literally opened the door, I went in, and then they went out the door and said they'd be back in a few hours. I am here alone with their kids when I never agreed to babysit, and had absolutely no indication that I would be expected to babysit. I was told the kids were at the husband's parent's house tonight. Both my sister and her husband have their phones switched off, there is no one to leave them with, and I have to get my girlfriend from the train station in a couple hours.

There is no one to leave them with. I'm the godparent, no friends I know of who could watch them, same for neighbours. None of us (me and the boys) have contact info for the grandparents on the husband's side and my parents are out of town. Legally, they cannot be left alone for an extended period of time.

WIBTA for leaving the kids alone?

(edit: typo. He's 12, not 13)

(Sort of) update: Called my girlfriend, she's getting a taxi from the train station and she's going to go home, shower, unpack, and if I'm still here at that stage she's going to come here and keep me company. I'm still calling both sister and her husband and I'm preparing the rant I'm going to give them when they get back.

Final update: very anticlimactic. Girlfriend came over. Sister came back. Was so ready to tell her off (especially seeing as they left at 7 and it's now nearly midnight) but I got as far as "are you fucking kidding me" when my sister jumped in and started giving me this sob story about how hard it was to be parents and never get a date night. I then told her where she could stick her date night as the husband shoved a handful of bank notes at me (£110). Girlfriend joined me in the arguing, telling them about how she had to wait for a taxi and I'd lost the entire night because they were selfish pricks. Sister muttered "sorry" the way she did when we were kids and our parents made her. I told them that they'd be lucky to hear from me for the foreseeable future and I'd never babysit again, sister complained, I told her to go fuck herself and left.I live in a small town on the coast of NC with my husband and kids. The town is about 300 years old and it has maintained historical buildings and traditions to promote tourism and historical interest. Our house is, IMO, quite beautiful. Google the Hamptons White House, it's almost identical to that house.

As it's a historical area there are numerous tours to see the old cemetary, jail, courthouse, various historical homes. Blackbeard once graced our town and his ship is actually sunken off the coast.

Our house is near the historical district but our neighborhood is new and our house is not part of the history. A couple days ago I let my kids go out and play in the sprinkler in the front yard while I cleaned and after a while I noticed people leaning on my fence with their phones put so I went out to investigate. They said they were walking the historical trail and my house was so pretty they wanted photos.

I pointed out that the historical path is three blocks up and those properties have large plaques denoting their historical value. They said they k ow but my house was just so nice they couldn't resist and they didnt want to pay for the tour. I pointed out my kids were very obviously playing and they were half-dressed in their swim suits and their photos had been taken, and that the house was obviously a private home. I added I wanted the photos deleted as I didnt want my kids photos going off with them when they're in their bathing suits. If we had been out in public it would have been different but this is my home behind a fence. I asked how they would have felt if I followed them home and did what they were doing. They argued with me for a few minutes.

They told me they wouldnt delete the photos and if I wanted privacy I should have built a taller fence. They kept taking photos so I went to go back inside but as I did I stopped and turned on the sprinklers next to the fence. They were soaked.

AITA?My family and I (husband and children) are vegan. We have been for years. 

His sister and her family lost their home in a fire, and they’re staying with us while they rebuild. My husband and I don’t mind if they bring meat or animal products inti our house, but *we* won’t cook them. 

Therein lies the problem for Thanksgiving. We have foods such as mushroom gravy, meatless dressing, etc. I offered to let his wife use the oven or the roaster either if they want turkey, but I’m not willing to put meat in my stuffing or use beef gravy or make other foods non vegan. They’re welcome to do so, but I won’t. 

My husband backs me, but his sister says we’re not being good hosts. She says she *can’t* fix her family other options because I’ll “have the kitchen all tied up” and that “as hosts, it’s our job to make them feel welcome.”

So, Reddit, who is the asshole, or do we both have corncobs up our asses?I’ve been dating my girlfriend for 4 years, living together for one year now. We’re both 26. Our relationship has been great for the most part but I noticed that since we moved in together my girlfriend has been talking more and more about having children, her Pinterest is filled with stuff about baby clothes, nursery decorating and raising kids (as well as tons of wedding stuff). She follows a lot of family accounts on Instagram she would once in a while send me videos of kids and say “lol this is totally our future kid) 

I was very adamant  that I wanted to wait until we could afford a house, pay off some debts and establish our careers  before getting married and then we would have kids. She just finished her masters and I finished physiotherapist school and would love to start my own physiotherapy business in the future. She always agreed that we weren’t ready for kids but it was obvious she had intense baby fever. My girlfriend is on birth control and takes the depo provera shot every 3 months. 

3 days ago my girlfriend tells me that she’s 2 months pregnant and she just found out. I was absolutely shocked. Honestly I suggested an abortion at this point but my girlfriend was adamant against it and said she was pretty excited for the baby and was mad I was even suggesting abortion. 

So honestly,  I did accuse her of intentionally getting pregnant because it honestly just made the most sense. She was acting so excited like it was planned, her past behaviour showed she was looking forward to a baby and I never followed up to make sure she was getting all her shots. She had been on the same form of birth control our entire relationship with barely a pregnancy scare and suddenly she’s pregnant? 

When I accused her of getting pregnant on purpose she got mad at me and says she would have never done that and she knows that it isn’t the perfect time to have a child and she been getting all her depo shots but “God had other plans” and we could make it work. I again accused her of lying and this was just too much of a coincidence. 

We argue back and forth and she gets really angry and runs away to her moms house.  She then texts me a picture of a receipt for her most recent depo shot 9 weeks ago with the caption “you are a fucking asshole”. She blocked me and refuses to respond to any of my messages. 

I already apologized many times but I honestly don’t think I was the asshole to question her intentionally getting pregnant. From my point of view it made sense. I really hope we can make this work but am I really the asshole here, when looking at my perspective of the situation?In June, I met a guy we'll call Chris on Tinder. We met up for dinner and had a great time and got to know each other. He told me he was recently divorced, and divulged that the reason was that his wife wanted kids and he didn't. This was great because i mention being childfree in my profile (I'm 31 so this comes up a lot).

We met up again and ended up seeing each other a couple of times a week and sleeping together for a little over a month, before he showed up in my Facebook 'People You May Know' and he was very clearly married with a kid and wife. I confronted Chris (and of course ended things) and he begged me not to tell his wife before he could, because she's PREGNANT and he wants to be the one to tell her. I said I'd give him a week.

Within the week, his wife messaged me on Facebook and said he told her what happened, and I gave her the full story. I told her I was sorry he'd betrayed her like this and fooled me, and that I of course never would have started dating a married man. As we were winding down the conversation, she then told me she wanted me to apologize for sleeping with her husband and that she needed that for closure.

For me, this was a record scratch moment. I did nothing wrong here. I had NO IDEA this man was married, let alone had a kid and one on the way. When I found out I confronted him immedaitely, broke up with him immediately, and forced his hand in telling his wife. There is nothing on my conscience here. I was lied to, too. I am not going to apologize because I feel like it's disrespectful to me to try to make me accept blame.

AITA for not being willing to apologize? I don't know this woman, and her feelings here don't have more value than mine do to me. I don't want to debase myself with the kind of apology she wants, and she's furious and spamming me with messages because I'm 'unrepentant.'I was at a large grocery store yesterday and I walked up to the butcher area to ask for assistance but there was one person ahead of me. When the person finished, I was just about to ask the butcher my question when a woman cut in front of me and asked him, "Hi, can you please help me in the freezer aisle?" The butcher said "yes" and was about to follow her when I interjected, "Sir, I was here first." I swear I saw an eye roll on his part but whatever.

Moving on. I had a cart full of groceries and I stood in line to check out. There was a woman who was unloading her packed cart in front of me so I waited a few feet behind her because had I moved my cart forward, I would have been blocking the traffic for other customers to walk through. Then, I see the same woman, who cut me off in the butcher station, nonchalantly walk in front of me and then she proceeded to unload her items onto the conveyor belt. I told her, "Excuse me, ma'am, I've been waiting here. I'm next in line." She gave me a smug look and said, "Ha, if you're next, then why are you standing back there and not here??" So I told her, "Because I don't want to block the flow of traffic walking by but I AM NEXT."

Guys, she continued to argue with me saying, "Well....you should've moved forward" and then CONTINUED to unload her groceries. Keep in mind that I am not a confrontational person. In my 44 years on this planet, I have never been in a fist fight, In fact, I used to be a major pushover. If I was 18, I may have told her, "You're right, go ahead." Well, that's not what happened.

I. SAW. RED. I YELLED at her, "Listen lady, I'm a civilized person who takes others into consideration, UNLIKE YOU who probably doesn't give a shit would've blocked this entire area. Now put your things back into your cart NOW or I'm going to go over there and do it for you!" Then, the kind lady that was originally in front of me, and had finally completed her transaction, took one look at her and said, "Seriously? You need to move because she HAS been waiting." You'd think that she would have backed off? Nope. She continued to unload her groceries muttering that I should've been closer and not standing so far in the back.

I yelled, "I'm NOT going to tell you again. Get your shit and put it back into your basket or I'll go and do it myself. NOW." She then took a good look at me and started putting her things back in her cart and walked away. I would imagine that by this point, my eyes were crossing and my head was two seconds from spinning like the kid from the Exorcist. I can't remember the last time I've felt so angry.

She finally moved but she kept staring me down and I'm ashamed to tell you guys that I screamed "WHAT THE F\*\*K ARE YOU LOOKING AT????????" She finally looked away and as quick as this started, it ended. The nice lady that was in front of me patted me on my back and told me that she was impressed how I defended myself but to please calm down because I looked like I was about to pass out.

I need to add that since the store was so packed and music was blaring, not many people witnessed what went down.  Only those within hearing range were able to witness this exchange.  I know....  No excuses.

To be honest, at this point in my life, I've let people walk all over me. If this had happened ten years ago, I would've let her go on ahead of me. Not now. I'm a jaded, middle aged woman who is not the one. Don't get me wrong, what came out of me yesterday felt like an out of body experience. I'm not a mean person. She just sparked something in me that threw me over the edge.

Edit: This may or may not be relevant, but I'm a Mexican American and all of this occurred in Spanish. I am a fluent bilingual speaker but I usually speak English. I didn't even know that I could fight the way I did in Spanish. Believe me, if you guys knew how to speak Spanish, I would've written the exact exchange I had with this entitled twit in Spanish. I don't know why but when arguments happen in Spanish, it looks like a much bigger deal!! ha!

EDIT:  I'm getting some flack from some who are calling me an asshole because I assumed that there wasn't a single person here that could speak or read in Spanish.  I know a lot of you can so  I translated this story into Spanish so it's somewhere within this thread.

TL;DR: A lady cut line in front of me twice and I lost my marbles.Yesterday, I (24M) attended a party. There were many of my old friends there. One of the girls, 25?, was someone who I was close to growing up but lost contact with after.

The two of us reconnected and talked. She was drinking a bit, although I didn’t. Later on, she was doing things like putting her arm around me, holding my hand, etc, which I stopped because I have a girlfriend and I told her so.

Then, she asked, “If you weren’t taken, I bet we’d be together right now.” It was a bold thing for her to say and I guess it must have been the alcohol talking. I just responded, “Nah don’t think so.” She was offended and asked me why. I just said “you’re not my type”. She asked me WHY she wasn’t my type, and I was tired of her bugging me, so I said, “You’re just not what I’m attracted to.”

She got mad at me. She said, “Oh I get it, you’re attracted to coked up skeletons like your girlfriend.” Referring to the fact that my girlfriend is tall and skinny. I got defensive and said, “Well Im not attracted to fat basic bitches like you.” Granted, she’s not even fat, just thick/chunky. But she does overdo the spray tan and she looks like every basic girl ever. I guess a lot of guys are after that look but not me.

She called me a cunt and later her friends found her in the bathroom crying. People are villifying me but she practically pushed me to it, especially insulting my girlfriend like that. I stand by what I said though, and she should know that her words have consequences. AITA?It’s the “coworker-put-candy-on-my-car” girl, and you can read my original post here:
 
 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/cges5o/wibta_if_i_take_my_coworker_to_hr_for_touching_my/
 
 

I went to HR and asked them for advice to deal with the situation. Honestly, she wasn’t very helpful and said I should just keep working as usual/try to ignore him. I think they went and talked to him though, because immediately after my meeting he started avoiding me.
 
 

This was until two weeks ago, when I gave my notice.
 

 
They decided that Louis should be my replacement, despite having absolutely no experience in my department. Which means I’ve spent the past two weeks training him.
 
 

Honestly, there’s no other way to describe the experience except as “Hell on Earth”.
 
 

There’s too much creepiness to even write about; he’s engaged in full creep mode this whole time. Making all sorts of inappropriate comments. Touching me whenever gets the chance and literally sitting an inch away from me. And he doesn’t take notes or anything about how to do the job. He just stares at me and tries to make conversation.
 
 

You remember the office when Toby touches Pam’s knee? That happened the other day. When we were sitting at my desk and I was training him. He straight up touched my knee and held his hand on it as he was telling me how proud he was of me. It made me so uncomfortable I got up and walked away.
 
 

I tried talking to HR about it. Since I gave my notice, they’ve no interest in dealing with it.
 
 

Yesterday was my last day and I will never have to see Louis again. I’m so grateful for that, and for all of you for the advice I’ve been given.



Edit: I've been asked a few times why I stayed and went through with the training.


My company gives out our yearly bonus at the beginning of September. They said they would still give it to me if I agreed to stay and train.


I'm quitting my job to go back to school so I was very financially motivated to just deal with it.

Edit 2: I've got a few more questions so here it goes.

I've already received the bonus/my final paycheck. Everything is in order.

I won't name the company because I dont want this story coming back to me. I already think I've posted too much.On my birthday this year, I treated myself to 50 bucks in lottery tickets, and managed to hit one of the huge $50,000 payouts. After taxes, I had ~$34,000, so I’ve put $7,500 into my wife’s car, and put the rest into a high-interest bank account. I’m planning to switch jobs early 2020, but first, I plan to travel for the month of January and half of February across Asia and Europe. I’ve never had a proper vacation (unless you count weekend trips to Disney World for the kids) and have really wanted to take the chance to go out there and explore the world.

Well yesterday my daughter Emily were talking about the job movement and the topic of the vacation came up. I told her about how I’m financing it with the lottery (she previously did not know about the winnings) and Emily went quiet before saying “instead of wasting 25 grand on a vacation, why not do something practical like maybe spend $5,000 on a vacation and help your daughter not graduate with mountain of debt”.

I told her that I’d be happy to co-sign loans for her, but I was only willing to pay upwards of $10,000 of her education (the amount I promised both her and her brother when they were 13-15). She said even after paying that off, she’s looking to be at being $29,000 in debt by the time she finishes school. 

I told her that really sucks, but reminded her that I offered community college as an option years ago when she was applying to schools, but she insisted that she didn’t want to “miss out on the prestige” (she got into Dartmouth). I talked to her about how transferring was an option, but she ultimately picked that route.

She’s brought up how the 10k I gave Jason (my son) was enough to completely pay for college cost + some extra spending change, because he got a state scholarship that paid for 100% tuition. She argued how it’s not fair that I was essentially willing to pay all of his college but leave her with a mountain of debt.

I told her that he’d be able to argue the same thing if she got more money than he did. Ultimately, the line I drew was that both children get equal amounts and I can choose how I want to spend my money, end of discussion.

I thought it was over but it turns out that she went and talked to my wife Amy about it behind my back. Amy tried to “persuade” me to make it a 2-3 week vacation as opposed to the 1.5 months I had planned. I told her the same thing that I told our daughter, and then SHE then got mad and said that I’m being selfish and using all of the money that for myself (nevermind the amount I put into *her* car AND the fact that she used ALL of a $5,000 inheritance on cosmetic plastic surgery 4 years back). I told her this vacation was non-negotiable.

Now I have two women in this household giving me passive aggressive looks and eyerolls. I feel like they’re both acting entitled to MY shit; am I really being unreasonable here?

EDIT I'm not leaving my wife behind; she can go for 10 days. She can't take the full 1.5 months off, though.I am 23/F. My parents \[both 47\] divorced 18 years ago. In those 18 years my dad has had a steady flow of *young* girlfriends and fiancés moving in with him. I never even got to spend the night with him when I was a kid because there was always some girl living there and there wasn’t room for me in his small apartment.

On the polar end of the spectrum is my mom. I do not think she has even been on a date since the divorce, until a few months ago. Her whole life revolved around providing for and entertaining me. A few months ago (4ish?) she told me she was seeing somebody named “Scott” and that it was kind of serious. I have *never* seen my mom look giddy before – it warmed my heart. She then tells me that he is 68 (her dad’s age), and to not freak out, but that if I was weirded out, she would call it off. I assured her that while I think it’s kind of weird that he is 2 decades older, that I am ecstatic for her. (I AM! This woman deserves it.) She cried happy tears, and we agreed that I would meet him soon. 

Well, around the same time my mom started dating Scott, my dad got a new gf named “Haley.” She has already moved in with him, and I have been refusing to meet her. The reason *why* I don’t want to meet her is what makes me an asshole... It’s because of her age! She is one year **younger** than me. He is 47, and she is 22. I’m completely grossed out. Honestly, it makes me feel like my dad is a huge creep. 

My dad keeps pointing out how I’m a hypocrite because I’ll meet my mom’s “creepy boyfriend,” but not *his* girlfriend. And he will say, “If you think I’m creepy for dating somebody 20 years younger than me, then why are you okay with Scott doing it??” He made me feel kind of shitty.

I mean, he is right… the age gap is almost the same… but his girlfriend is YOUNGER THAN ME. She is 22. Scott might be old enough to be my mom’s dad… but my mom is almost 50, she’s not still in college. And my mom is *far* from naïve. Dad's relationship just seems so much ickier to me!! Honestly, I'm starting to look back on my dad's relationship patterns and wonder if he's not like a predator or something. But if he is, then is Scott too??

I am 100% going to meet Scott, and unless y’all convince me otherwise, I am not going to meet Haley. (It's nothing against her)

So Reddit, AITA?My younger sister (30F) has been dating "Jerry" for 3 years. He's a loud-mouth who holds ignorant, bigoted, and homophobic views. I have no clue what my sister sees in him as no one in my family shares his perceptions. Here's what the first Thanksgiving was like with him (he was meeting my family for the first time). he brought up the recent election and called me a "snowflake" because he knew I didn't vote for Trump ( I guess my sister told him since I didn't know him before this.) He went on about how awesome Trump was and how awesome this country is now going to be. I didn't engage because I thought he was  foolish, how he had no idea who my parents voted for and still thought it was appropriate to run his mouth nonstop at the dinner table the first time meeting all of us. After more than two hours of this, my mother finally asked him to change the subject. 

Fast forward to now. He has, on more than one occasion, brought up that if his kids "ever decide they are \[insert vulgar word for gay here that begins with an F\]" that he'll disown them, and other awful things along the same lines. I'm the only one that pushes back, usually asking him why he'd say that, which usually fires him up even more. There's no having a respectful conversation with him. My sister just jokes and laugh it off every time he says something blatantly racist or ignorant. My parents cringe and try to change the subject. 

The final straw came when he went on social media and made comments about my relationship. He tried to call out my boyfriend and me because we both have good careers and split household expenses. He thinks this is wrong because "you're in a relationship, you shouldn't be nickel and diming each other like you’re just roommates, what's wrong with you two? Doesn't he take care of you?" Which is hilarious because he's in his 30's, he moved in with my sister who pays for everything after two weeks of dating, only works part-time by choice and has no savings whatsoever. 

I blocked him and called my mother. I vented to her that I don't appreciate any of misogynistic/bigoted/homophobic views and he's a loser. My mom agreed with me but said she wishes we could all get along. My boyfriend and I live a plane ride away and I told her I wouldn't be coming to Thanksgiving this year if he was. I said because they, meaning my parents and sister, just sit there while he talks, that that makes them complicit to the hateful commentary and I don't want to be associated with someone like him. My mom was understandably upset and said I was her priority since she never gets to see me, but that she couldn't tell my sister not to bring him. My dad is sick about this and wants everyone to shut up and get along. I feel I have reached my limit, but some of my extended family members feel like I should just suck it up since it would really crush my parents since I live far away if I didn't see them on a holiday. 

WIBTA if I didn't come to Thanksgiving at my parents?I (30F) am a white American woman. My ex-boyfriend, the father of my daughter (30M) is Chinese-American. We began dating our junior year of college, and after graduation moved in together. We eventually got serious enough to consider marriage, and I began learning Chinese as a way of connecting to his culture and family. I'm not totally fluent, but I can hold fairly complex conversations. 

When we were 25, I found out I was pregnant (oopsie). He wanted me to get an abortion, but I ultimately decided to keep my child. I was uncomfortable with termination, and was in a solid enough financial position to support a kid, with a good foundation of emotional support from my parents. But he told me that he wasn't interested in being a father. Personally, I'm of the belief that if a woman can unilaterally decide to abort, a man can decide not be uninvolved with his child's life. We broke up, and while it was heartbreaking and very difficult, it was the best move for both of us – we were no longer on compatible paths. Though he doesn't have custody, he does sometimes visit his daughter.  

Something I was very cognizant of, once I realized that I was going to be single-parenting, was that I was going to be a white mother with a child of color, raising her with very little contact with her Chinese family. I know that many children in this scenario can struggle with cultural identity, and I wanted to do what I could to ensure that my daughter isn't totally disconnected from her Chinese roots. I made sure to keep up my Chinese language skills, learned to cook Chinese dishes, and – when my daughter was born – made sure to take her to Chinese cultural events and things like that. 

I've been attempting to raise my daughter with some skill in Chinese language. I speak to her in Chinese, watch Chinese TV with her, and have recently started giving her some kiddy workbooks in Chinese language. 

Last time her father visited, though, he was very upset to see those workbooks in my home. He told me that Chinese culture isn't mine to impart on my daughter, and that any form of Chinese culture I try to engage in with my daughter will be completely unauthentic. He said that, though DNA-wise my daughter is Chinese, she functionally has no real cultural connection to China, and that it's super cringey of me to try. He told me to stop, and that it should be his decision, as it's his culture.

I told him no. I don't think he's really thinking about what's best for our daughter. But I also recognize that it's his culture, not mine, so maybe I should listen to him?

Idk. AITA?My daughter (15) is 5'6 and the last time she weighed herself at the doctor's office she was at 238lbs. She is morbidly obese.

She was always a chubby kid who loved food and hated activity no matter how much her dad and I tried to get her to dance, play sports, go on walks with our dog etc. she would refuse. I regret not taking her to a nutritionist earlier, but I thought that she would go into puberty and her weight would eventually be okay. Unfortunately, when she was 11 her dad and I decided to get a divorce. No special reason, it just wasn't working. We coparent well, we're friendly, we go on trips with out daughter etc., but the divorce impacted her negatively at first. 

She started gaining a lot of weight around that time so we decided to take her to a nutritionist who recommended therapy for her. She initially lost about 15lbs but she was already very dependent on food. Now, she's a food addict. Her emotional eating was something she used to cope with the divorce until she adjusted, but now it's all about compensating for not having friends, compensating for not being ''pretty'', compensating for not being liked by boys etc. 

She still goes to therapy regularly, she doesn't suffer from depression or another health condition that might cause her weight gain, she is simply addicted to food and at her vulnerable age, mentioning her weight to her makes her very upset and uncomfortable. Her dad and I both know this and it's been causing arguments between us. I'm a very active, fit person and I try to lead by example - no junk food allowed in the house, I cook as much as I can or I get healthy meal delivery - and this makes me the bad guy.

She's into the whole body acceptance movement and she sold the story to her dad who now allows her to raid his pantry and they eat junk together just so he wouldn't upset her because she's daddy's little girl. He's happy that he gets to be the good guy and I'm the villain who doesn't want her daughter to settle because I want her to live past 35. I encourage her to love herself, I want her to embrace how amazing she is but I don't want her to accept her condition as something normal that can't be changed. I'm tired seeing how miserable she is because of her weight and I'm tired of thinking about all the diseases that could kill her. 

I found a great weight management treatment facility (*edited instead of camp because it's very different from the infamous fat camps) for teens that's 6 hours away, I've done my research but her dad doesn't want to sign for her to go there from January to July. We can visit her and she can come home once a month, she can go to school there, make friends and get healthy. He says that I'm being a selfish asshole and that our daughter doesn't want to go. She told me that she will think about it but I think that her dad is loving his role as her superhero because they've bonded in the past months, and will encourage her not to go.

AITA?

__EDIT:__ Lots of repetitive question and comments. Please look through my comment history, thank you.

__EDIT2:__ Again, I've explained everything about this treatment facility, her current therapy and approach to her eating disorder, the fact that the choice is ultimately hers, yes we do have a dog and no she doesn't want to walk him, no this isn't a quick fix, no I don't think my daughter hates me.

__EDIT3:__ I sound like a broken record, put please read through my comments before asking the same things over and over! There's a word limit here and obviously not everything fits in the post. The facility does have therapists, specialists, doctors and all types of health professionals. They do have ED programs that she would be a part of and she would be in touch with her current therapist because she has a hard time opening up to new people, so that would help her. I double and triple checked everything and talked to so many parents and employees, but it's ultimately her choice. My fear is that her dad will cloud her judgment by bribing her with food.

__EDIT4:__ Thank you guys for all of your responses. I've received a lot of great advice, your own experience with ED, personal stories, support and empathy. I appreciate all of it. I'll no longer be replying to comments because I find myself trying too hard to reach people who are twisting my words and using them against me. Maybe I'll post an update within the next few weeks when something happens, but things definitely will change around here. Again, thank you all!In my family there are 2 kids (sister and I) and my parents. Christmas was coming up and I’ve been wanting a car for about a year now because I’ve recently gotten my Green P’s (Australian thing that you can get when you’re older than 18). My parents have mentioned in the past the idea of me paying for half and they’ll cover the other half of a car under total 10k AUD, I can afford this as I’ve saved most of my money from the 2 jobs I’ve kept since I was 14, so no biggie. I’ve also been relying on my mum to drive me to work for the last 4 years, so it was a smart move on their end rather then driving me the 30 mins each way every shift I’ve got.

My sister has just turned 17, which is when you can get your red P’s in Australia, shes never had a job and has no money saved whatsoever. I love her a lot but she’s made some questionable decisions toward her future lately, but that’s a seperate story. My parents haven’t seemed to care as much as they probably should have about these things, and are acting like everything’s normal and all good.

With Christmas coming up at the time and my birthday in early January I thought this might be the time my parents get me that car I’ve wanted for the last year, as they’ve mentioned this idea for the last couple months. I’m obviously excited the week leading up to Christmas wondering what type of car they’ve bought or what they’re looking at. 

I wake up Christmas Day around 10am to the sound of my younger sister crying but in a happy way. I’m excited for her as she’s obviously gotten something she’s wanted, I walk downstairs and no ones at the Christmas tree, but a present with my name is sitting there. I figure I’ll come back to it after I find my parents. Check the front door and it’s wide open, walk out to the drive way to see a brand new blue Hyundai i30 sitting in the driveway with a big ribbon on the front (around 25k), my sister is at the side of it crying with my parents arms around her. I ask who it’s for and my parents tell me her, I probably could have handled this better but I stormed back into the house, closed my door and stayed in there for the rest of the day, didn’t go with my family to see everyone else for Christmas because of how annoyed I was.

My parents asked me why I did that when they got home, so I asked them why they bought her a car before me, who’s older, willing to pay half, had a job, goes to school and has a stable plan for the future. They don’t have an answer to that one so they just stay quite and after a couple of minutes of awkward silence they walk out. By this point I forgotten about the present they left under the tree downstairs, so I walk down to open it, and it’s a new phone case from eBay, something I had no use for, I can't get over what they've done.

Am I the asshole?My friend, we’ll call her Bridget, is one of those “not like other girls” people. She makes those posts on Facebook, talks about it, etc. It can get a bit annoying, but the biggest issue I have with it, is that she “has no filter”. Now, I’m all for speaking your mind because free speech and all of that. But there are times when you need to have a filter. She’s the type to point out when things are awkward between two people, but they’re pretending to be civil for the sake of the group and just get through this outing, before they don’t have to see each other again. Doesn’t happen often, but it’s happened a couple of times when people have had an argument or don’t like each other and then things are even more awkward.

If someone is on their phone a bit, she’ll wave her hand in front of their face and say “Hey there” and then call them on it. If they have a fashion sense that’s odd to her, she’ll make fun of them, even if they ask her to stop. She’ll also tell you really random, graphic stories about her past, the same ones over and over. It’s sad the first time, but your cocktail anecdote should not be “My house burned down when I was 11 and my uncles died two days apart, plus I think they haunt me.” (The uncles didn’t die related to the fire, they died of terrible diseases and these are tragic stories, and I’m sorry they happened, btw, I’m not trying to make light of it.) It makes people feel awkward, which you guess it…she calls them on and laughs about.

If you call her out on any of this, “I have no filter”. A lot of our friends don’t like this, but a bulk of them (including myself for a bit until she did this with me for way to long about the clothes) chalk it up to “That’s just Bridget”.

The other night, we were all hanging out and one of the guys had brought his new girlfriend. We were all talking about fairly, light, funny topics. Suddenly, Bridget brings up her uncles and started talking about their sickness, in excruciating detail. I can tell that the new girlfriend was getting pretty weirded out and I told her “Hey, maybe we can talk about the time they took you fishing. That’s a funny one.” 

But no, she continued until she was done. Then the room got quiet, as it always does after she tells this horrible, awful story about two men dying of cancer and she looks around, bursts into laughter and goes “Well, now none of you have anything to say.”

Our friend’s new girl looks humiliated and I just feel so bad for her. I say, “Bridget, you need to cut this out. If you keep this up, people are going to stop inviting you to hang out with us. No one likes the way you talk to them. We’ve told you in the past.” She looked incredibly hurt and I said “Sorry, I don’t have a filter.”

Apparently, Bridget is still incredibly hurt and thinks I’m an ass. I do feel a bit bad, but at the same time, I am just sick of how she treats us as a group. Am I being an ass here?To sum up the entire story as quickly as possible. I worked for a photography company for a while. During this time I met a girl (we'll call B) and we started dating.

B and I took a bunch of nude photos of her several times throughout our relationship. She paid me for these photos and signed the rights to me. Eventually we moved into an apartment together and both signed the lease. 

However she started inviting her friends who would trash the place and I had to put my foot down and tell her they were not welcome if they would not clean anything and she decided she wouldn't pay rent. Leaving me with almost too much to pay.

She left and I continue paying as I did not want to get kicked out. After the year long lease ends, I move elsewhere.

Two years later B messages me out of the blue, demanding I delete all the photos I took of her. Normally I would but not after how she did me. So I told her that she signed a waiver giving me the rights to the photos, and even if she didn't, courts often side with photographers on the rights of the photos. 


She then text me saying she would accuse me of manipulating her and being abusive (yes, she texted me stating me that she would lie.  I already gave them to the local law enforcement). 

I told her that I would not be threatened and if she wanted to try that, I will post the texts online and I dug up the Facebook messages she sent telling me that I could do whatever I wanted with the photos and confirming that she paid me to take them and knew I owned the rights. 

I basically say it since she was acting like that, I would give her an ultimatum. If she really wanted the photos gone, I wanted every cent she told me in rent. And I said that if she accused me of being abusive, I would post her messages and sue her for slander.

Never heard back from her until 2 months later when her friend asked me to meet her and gave me the money from B. True to my word I deleted the photos in front of her and she told B. 

This story is so bizarre that I'm pretty sure I fucked up one way or another. So I figured I would share it here.I recently lost my girlfriend to a cerebral haemorrhage. I was offered time off from school but refused and went back to school the next day as I know it is what she would have wanted.

There has been lots of support from our (my girlfriend and I were in the same class) classmates but I have knuckled down and got on with stuff.

One girl has kept mentioning it though, she keeps saying how “attracted” (and yes she used that word) she is by my soldiering on through the grief. I was flattered the first few times but I feel enough is enough.

I don’t want to be too harsh though as I know she has gone through problems herself.My son Adam has been dating a girl, who I'll call Laura for the last few months. She's really lovely. Intelligent, kind, beautiful. Her family are much more well off than ours. They met at uni and are both studying engineering. 

Laura and my 13 year old daughter (who I'll call Louise) had a movie night yesterday evening. Everything went fine but when Laura had left I noticed Louise wearing Laura's scarf. I asked her and she said she'd given it to her as a gift since she has loads of other scarves. 

Laura has expensive tastes. The scarf was branded and I googled it. Won't go into detail but this scarf just wasn't in our price range. 

I told Louise to give back the scarf next time she sees Laura. I did this for a few reasons. Firstly, Laura's family are well off enough to afford to throw expensive gifts at people. My family aren't that wealthy. I want Louise to grow up learning the value of money. Also, that scarf is fairly delicate and I'm not sure Louise can be trusted to look after such an item. 

Louise was really upset and both Adam and my husband were very unhappy with me, saying that it's Laura's choice who she gives gifts to. I understand that but I don't think this was an appropriate gift at all.

UPDATE: OK so having seen these replies it's obvious that I am the asshole and I was wrong. I told Louise I changed my mind about the scarf and apologised to her. I thought my original decision was best for both Louise and Laura but I see now that I was being unfair and inconsiderate. I'll be a bit more empathetic and try to be more understanding from now on.Original post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c2wnn4/aita\_for\_refusing\_to\_invite\_my\_fianc%C3%A9s\_ex\_who\_he/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/c2wnn4/aita_for_refusing_to_invite_my_fianc%C3%A9s_ex_who_he/) 

So it's been over a month since I first posted and I thought that I'd post a last update for you guys as part of closing this chapter of my life. 

Short story: My fiance and I have broken up. During pre marriage counseling he realized that he still loves his ex. She also broke off her own engagement for him. They are now back together.

I took to heart three things from the replies in my original thread. Those who said I was YTA told me not to look at my fiance's ex as his ex but as his friend. Those who said I was NTA adviced that I should talk to my fiance about my insecurities. Some suggested pre marriage counseling. So I swallowed my pride and told my then fiance that his ex is welcome in our wedding because she is his friend. I also told him of my insecurities and asked if we could go to pre marriage counseling. He was supportive and agreed. 

After our second meeting with our counselor, my ex fiance talked to me. He said that counseling has made him realize that he is still in love with his ex. I was in total shock because he has always been the perfect boyfriend, I never felt like I was competing with anyone for him. He said he never meant to hurt me and that he did love me, but he could not marry me knowing that part of him will always belong to someone else. 

It's been a few weeks since we broke up and surprisingly I have been holding up well. It hurts because I miss him but I just tell myself that he's not the right one for me. I'm 23, I have my whole life ahead of me and it's an exciting new adventure to try to find the right person. 

My ex fiance and I are civil. He is a good guy and I appreciate our time together, though it sucks that it has ended. From what I know he told his ex that he still loves her and I guess she felt the same way because she also broke off her engagement to give their relationship another try. Good luck to them.

So there, I just want to thank everyone who commented whether it's YTA NTA or NAH. I had great advice from people especially those who said we should try pre marriage counseling. It changed my life. Hopefully for the better.Hello, long time follower, first time poster. So my boyfriend knows that I have a lot of body image issues. I am a little overweight, and I struggle with it. I’ve tried a myriad of different diet plans and exercise routines over the years, but nothing seems to stick. My boyfriend and I both really want to have a big family, and I’ve confided in him before that I can’t wait to have a baby, but the thought of being pregnant gives me a lot of anxiety because I don’t want to gain weight.

So last night he calls me out of the blue, and says he just wanted to say “I love you so much, and I can’t wait to marry you and have babies with you because you’ll make such a wonderful mother...” and my heart is so full hearing this, and then he goes “...but I can’t have you go and ballooning up each pregnancy. You’ll be 300 pounds by the time we’re done having kids, and I’m not having sex with no big fat slob” and when I pushed back, he doubled down and set me guidelines of how much weight I am allowed to gain each pregnancy, and that after birth, I’ll get one month to “relax”, then two months to get back to my pre-baby weight, and then I’ll get pregnant again, and repeat.  

So we fought about it. I said he was being insensitive, and treating me like a sex-and-baby machine and not a human being. He tried to say he was only worried about my health (his dad died when he was a child from diabetes) and I was okay with that argument, but in trying to explain his health concerns, he kept digressing into such gems as: 
I’m not gonna stay married to you if i don’t get hard looking at you
Do you want our kids to be embarrassed by you? Do you want them to say “daddy, can you drop us off as school instead of mommy, because the other kids make fun of the way mommy waddles?
I love you, but my love is conditional, and the condition is not gaining more than 30 pounds. When the scale hits 31, I’m signing the divorce papers.
If you told me not to weigh 300 lbs, I’d say “sure thing, babe, you’re right” but the fact that you won’t agree to it means that you must actually WANT to weigh 300 lbs, so if that’s your goal, good luck but we’re breaking up if that’s what you want
Do you want our kids to be fat fucks too? You want to give them insulin shots in kindergarten because you and the babies sit on the couch all day feeding each other Ding Dongs? 

We’ve had a lot of fights in the past around my boyfriend being blunt by nature, and me being overly sensitive by nature, but I really think he was out of line. And the whole conversation came out of nowhere, which really makes me feel like my weight is something that was just eating away at him and he had to get it off his chest. But should I just let it go if he insists he’s only worried about my health? With his family history, it’s understandable that he’d worry about obesity and have a bit of a complex around it, and he is insisting that he’s not asking for too much so I should just agree to it since gaining minimal weight is also what I want, so I shouldn’t fight him and we just be in agreement?

I've been in my stepsons life since he was 6 years old. He is now 19 and in college.

From the ages of 9-17, my stepson did everything he could to make our lives miserable.

He has tormented my husband and I simply for trying to find happiness.

He has said unbelievably cruel things. He made up several lies about my husband and I that damaged our professional lives and finances permanently.

When he was 16, he told me I had a toxic uterus because I was apparently a cold woman. This was when he found out about my infertility issues.

It was a knife through my heart that I can't seem to forget or forgive.

He's now in college and ignores me completely. Which honestly is a relief. My husband still talks to him regularly.

For this coming summer, I told my husband my stepson could not live with us. That I will not put myself through anymore of the horrible behavior.

My husband is angry that I won't give him a chance to make up.

We know he was being influenced by his mother but at some point he was old enough.

Just hearing his name gives me terrible anxiety.

Its not even like I was the other woman or anything. Not that it should excuse his behavior in any way.

AITA?Ex and I divorced 8 years ago.  We have two kids together. My son in 16, turning 17 very soon.  

My ex wife has always publicly said that the break up was mutual.  Lately however I found out she had been telling both my kids that I left her and didn’t give her the chance to continue the relationship. 

My son was upset with me about it.  My daughter couldn’t care less as far as I could tell. 

So I took my son alone and told him that his mother had always been lying to him. That she cheated on me and that was what ended our relationship.  

I haven’t even heard from the ex yet and I’m already feeling like I did something wrong.   All I did was tell him the truth.  And only in response to her lies. First time poster here and I’m on mobile so I hope this goes well. Anyways, let’s jump right in to the stank!

Me (24M) and my girlfriend (24F) had a baby boy one month ago today, and things have been pretty awesome. We’ve really come together as a couple and our communication has been healthier than ever; even our levels of trust and little displays of affection are through the roof. All in all, a potentially stressful and chaotic situation worked out pretty well! 

My SO has a six year old boy from a high school fling. The father moved several states away when he found out about the kid, and has only been around two or three times, for no more than an hour each time. Her son knows I am not his father but for the last three years I have tried to reinforce the fact that I am his friend and he can always talk to me. We play basketball together and we go bowling every weekend, as long as he behaves in school that week, so I would think to think that we are pretty close. 

So two days ago (Friday) after work, the three of us went bowling while my mother watched our newborn. As we’re changing shoes, I notice a really gnarly odor akin to sour milk and garlic. I searched for the offensive smell and I realized it was my Gf’s son’s feet. When I leaned down to put all of our shoes underneath the table, I was about a foot away from him and couldn’t help but notice he absolutely REEKED. I was a little boy once, so I shrugged it off and made a mental note to tell his mom later. 

As luck would have it, she brought up to me a few minutes later how he got made fun of at school that day for smelling bad and how it hurt his feelings. Me being the idiot that I am immediately responded with, “SO, it smells like he hasn’t wiped his ass properly in days. Does he use soap in the shower? Did you ever show him how?” To which she blushed and vehemently responded that it was not appropriate for her to bathe with her own son. 

Now that he’s six, I kind of agree, but I wasn’t born knowing how to properly clean my body, I had to be taught. I told her that I felt as if it was her job as the sole parent to teach her son hygiene, otherwise this problem will never go away. I also stated that with our son, the newborn, I would 100% be taking responsibility for his hygiene so that I knew it would get done. She started to tear up and got really angry with me, so we finished our first game of bowling and left. She’s been pissed at me all weekend. AITA here? Should I have handled that better? Different?I've had this dog since I was a kid and he's getting on in years now, but he's still pretty spritely for his age. I play rough with him in the garden or throw a ball around for maybe an hour a day, and he also gets walked twice a day for half an hour each and comes swimming with me whenever the weather's nice (which is most days). Suffice to say he's not lacking in attention or exercise.

I have a neighbour who has two dogs of her own that are less energetic and prefer to lounge about in the sun rather than go adventuring. She also has a 12yo autistic son (Alex). He's a good kid but lacks some social boundaries and can fly off the handle when stressed out or bored. So one day my neighbour was working from home and was trying to keep him entertained so she could concentrate, and I got text saying, "Hi! Hope it's okay but I sent Alex to walk your dog." I said it was all fine and told them to have fun, and I figured that was the end of it.

Nope. Alex now takes my dog out everyday (without asking, so I'll come home and find he's disappeared with the gate open and I'll panic), and then the neighbour will also "borrow" him for an hour or two whenever she's at home and needs to distract Alex. I really, really, really don't mind if she needs some quiet time and asks occasionally, since I'm sure my dog enjoys the extra attention.

I've just got a few issues with some of it. One, my dog isn't a child's toy, he's a member of my family and I like having him close by. I have anxiety and depression and coming home to my dog bouncing around waiting for a walk is one of the few things that really destresses me. Now, I get home and he won't be returned to me until dinner time, and I miss out on bonding with him outdoors.

Two -- and I'm not sure whether this is the fault of the neighbour or Alex -- my dog has started developing bad habits since this whole routine started. He used to be very well-mannered, where you could drop a steak on the floor in front of his nose and he wouldn't eat it until you explicitly said he could. Now he begs at the table when he's inside, climbs onto my bed and couch without my permission (he's big and double coated, so he leaves hair everywhere), and will just generally behave in ways he wouldn't have dared to a month ago. I vaguely mentioned it when we were having drinks together the other night and my neighbour laughed and said, "Oh he'll climb right onto Alex's lap on the couch." 

I complained about it to a friend last night and she said I was being selfish, since I don't understand what it's like to raise a child with a disability, and that it's not hurting anyone if my dog gets extra attention (even though he's not really, since it's cutting in my personal time with him). And now I feel bad, because I can see how much Alex loves my dog, and I don't really want to be a dick just because I'm jealous somebody else is spending time with him.In the past couple of years, I've noticed that I've been getting pretty violently sick most times I eat. I haven't seen a doctor for a diagnosis or anything, so I'm not one hundred percent sure if it's lactose or what, but by doing my own research and experiments and stuff, I've pretty much figured out that it's being caused by dairy. 

Easily fixed right? Just stop eating dairy! Here's the issue: I'm 16, so I still live at home and my stepmother cooks everything with butter, and puts cheese on most things. She's not willing to budge on doing either of these things. I've suggested buying a dairy free alternative to butter, but she says it all tastes disgusting and won't do it. I've asked if she'll leave a portion of whatever she makes without  cheese for me, but she says that's too complicated. I've said I'll just cook seperate meals for myself, but she won't allow that because she says I'll just destroy her kitchen and, anyway, it ruins the whole idea of a family dinner. I even tried buying my own dairy free cheese and butter and stuff but when I didn't finish them within a few days she threw them away because she said they were gonna go bad and I was cluttering up the fridge. 

As a result of this, I've kind of not being eating much at all when I'm at home. My school has certain things at lunch which are vegan so I know I can eat those as they have no dairy. I'm pretty much only eating lunch  when I'm at school because I don't want to get sick. As a result, I've lost a shit load of weight in the past couple of months. At a family event recently, an aunt expressed concern at how slim I've gotten and asked if I've been doing okay. I just said that since my stepmum cooks everything with dairy and it makes me unwell. Stepmum jumped in and said I was exaggerating and that I've just been refusing to eat and being dramatic. When we got home, she yelled about trying to make her look like a bad parent and do I want to get CPS called because of my lies and stuff like that. Dad agreed that I had crossed a line and I had no business just saying things like that when my problem is as much me being difficult as her cooking. 

Idk. I'm feeling bad for saying it now. But it's true, so it's okay, right?

EDIT: I wanted to add this in because a lot of people are talking about me self diagnosing and I think there's been some miscommunication. I think too many people are clinging onto my "I don't know if it's lactose" comment so full clarity when I say that, I mean I **really** don't know if it's lactose, I just know lactose is a common issue. I don't know what it is, and I've never claimed to, and haven't put any kind of formal diagnosis label on what's going on because I know I don't have the ability to do that. All that I know is that I unfailingly get sick after eating if I have dairy, but don't get sick after eating if I have something without dairy, so it's almost certainly something with dairy and I should probably avoid it. That's as much as I've said to anyone.I’ve never done anything to my professor ever. In a 8 week course I’ve never missed a class once, and we meet multiple times a week. 

Anyway I’m married and have a young son who has a medical issue. 

Basically let me explain the backstory first. I do not have a good relationship with this professor in general and don’t care for her. She doesn’t answer emails, answers a question with a question, isn’t helpful or understanding, hypocritical (you’ll see why in a minute). 

I informed her a week ahead of time that I wouldn’t be attending class one day because no one is able to watch my son literally. Usually my sister watches him or his grandparents. My sister had a doctors appointment that she can’t reschedule so she can’t. 

I don’t trust him with not known to family babysitters, atleast not yet and would have to get used to it. 

Basically, I don’t like this professor. There is supplementary material that she was supposed to upload to blackboard and hasnt done it for weeks and has broken her promise to me multiple times. 

Anyway, I was talking about missing class because I would assume their would be a quiz. I could get the notes from someone but can’t do the quiz in class obviously. 

She said too bad basically, and when I get in the real world I’ll have to be more professional. I tried to explain the situation, but to no avail. She said I couldn’t bring my son (ok). I said I would take it in the testing center a few hours later and she said no, no, no. I have to learn how to be professional. 

So I didn’t really care, class is about to end since the course is accelerated. I said “yeah, I’m sure you know a ton about being a professional. Taking weeks to grade assignments, not answering emails, breaking promises and going back on your word consistently, you’re the last person I’d want to get advice on being a professional from”

My husband said to be careful, she could be spiteful and mess with like my grade. I mean, why is she giving me a lecture about being a professional when she’s demonstrated she’s the furthest thing from one herself?Background: My husband and I are both agnostic. Our child is 2 years old. We've agreed to introduce to her the cultural and historical aspects of major religions when fit (e.g. when we walk past a mosque and she gets curious. Not telling her anything complicated as of now because, you know, she's 2) and save the doctrines for when she's older. Our babysitter, I'll call her "Emily" here, has the patience of a saint, is very helpful and... religious. 

When Emily mentioned her religion during our interview, I made it crystal clear that we will respect that, but I also expect her to respect our wishes regarding religions. I gave her some guidelines like no doctrine-embedded stories (e.g. we're all damned because our ancestors decided to eat an apple), no teaching of doctrines etc. Emily understandingly obliged, or so we thought.

One day I came home early and caught her telling my child the story of creation of the world. I explained to Emily in private that it contradicts what we've been telling her, you know, dinosaurs and such, and reminded her of our agreement. She apologized. I dropped it at that. Yesterday I found out she's been reading to my child religious books for kids that basically tell their readers  to pray to and obey some deity. Not cool. 

Now I want to fire Emily because of the religious teaching behind my back, but my husband disagrees. He thinks what's important here is that Emily takes good care of our child, and considering that she spends at most 20 hours a week with her, it shouldn't be too hard for us to "undo" the religion part. I told him that a friend's child came home calling their parents sinners after two Sunday school classes so 20 hours a week isn't as trivial as he thinks. He says I'm overreacting and would look really bad if I fire Emily over this issue. Plus, our child has bonded with her already, so replacing her would do our child a disservice. I want to respect my husband's opinions but I'm starting to resent Emily. So reddit, would I be the asshole if I fire her?I know this might be a very trivial issue for some people, but please hear me out. Also, I'm French, so my English is average at best.

We lost our 14 yo daughter to cancer( I don't want to discuss that here ) a couple of years ago. These two years have been very difficult for us. Though I've learned to cope up, nothing can ever replace her. 

My wife attended a support group, where she ended up befriending another woman, whose 11yo daughter had the same cancer our daughter had and they became close friends. Her daughter survived. We are really happy for her. She and her daughter visit us sometimes. 

Last time, when her daughter was here, she came across my daughter's custom made neclace which I made for her( I'm a jewellery designer by profession ). She saw it in a small room in which we made a small memorial for our daughter. It has her pictures, belongings and all her favourite things. She really liked it and asked my wife about it. 

Now, after they left, my wife asked me if I can make the same one for the girl. My wife told me that the girl really liked the neclace and asked if she could have one. I told her that it was something I made for my daughter and I don't want to share that or make it for anyone. No one can replace her. My wife thinks that our daughter would be really happy if we shared her memory with someone who had similar struggles and that I'm being selfish. AITA here?I (21m) have a three year old daughter. Her mother is not in the picture. The ex in question (Kate) is a girl I dated for a year and a half, starting when my daughter was three months old. 

My ex is a lovely person, she does a lot for charity, works with animals, and is doing a degree. This was the case, until she developed anorexia. This post is not about my ex's eatng disorder, but about how she has been acting with my daughter since we split up. 

We split up just over a year ago, and since then my ex has been seeing my daughter at weekends, like a parent would do, as she has helped to raise my daughter since she was a baby, and in all ways except legally, she is my daughter's mother. Kate is a great mom, but her eating disorder is getting in the way of her life. When she first got diagnosed she was acting almost as normal, but things have just been getting worse. She is in therapy privately and sees her therapist twice a week. She has been in inpatient treatment twice, but it's just getting worse. I fear the worst for her if things don't change very soon. She is 5'4 and from my guesses, weighs about 80lbs. 

My daughter has become conscious of her weight. She is THREE. She came home the other day and said that she doesn't want to eat bread anymore, and that she wants cucumber with ketchup instead of pizza. Three years old. I can't believe it. I asked her why she doesn't want to eat bread, and she said 'Katie said it makes you chunky'. I asked her what's wrong with being chunky, and she said it's 'yacky'. I was horrified.

I called Kate and asked what happened. She told me that she was having a particularly hard day when she said that and that she is sorry. I stupidly forgave her, because I know how hard this has been for her. She went back to Kate's for the weekend and when she came back, she said 'I want to be like Katie when I grow up' and I asked why, she said because Kate is pretty and skinny. I called Kate again. She said it was another hard day. I told her that she needs to get her 'hard days' under control and away from our kid because it's unacceptable and I won't let her influence her. Kate cried and said our daughter is the only thing keeping her sane, and I told her that that's her problem. AITA?She and her boyfriend are really loud. If this was during a reasonable hour then I'd be better with it but this is literally midnight to 3am (not for all 3 hours but starts any time in this window). This keeps me awake when I have to work morning shifts and get to work for 5am most days, so I really need to be able to sleep through the night, which she knows, and even with earplugs they still managed to wake me.

I tried wearing earplugs, then headphones, neither worked, so I've asked them to keep it down more than once. Last night they were being exceptionally loud and when I asked them to keep it down, she insisted that I couldn't hear anything. I took out my phone and bluetooth speaker, put the speaker in a bookshelf that is up against our shared wall, and played whatever songs I could think of to ruin the mood.

The songs included, but were not limited to:

* *I Just Had Sex* and *Finest Girl* by Lonely Island
* *Bananaphone*
* *We Should Definitely Not Have Sex Right Now* from Crazy Ex Girlfriend
* *Always Look on the Bright Side of Life*

And a few others.

About half an hour went by and she leaves her room and pounds on my door telling me to keep it down. The walls are paper thin so she can hear the music the same way I can hear the moaning. Today at breakfast she said "we'll keep it down from now on, you don't have to be such a dick about it."

I thought we'd be able to laugh it off because they were jokey songs that I picked, clearly for a laugh, and I figured she'd see the funny side but then she said the thing about me not having to be a dick about it and now I feel like a dick.

Am I the asshole?

Edit: please stop suggesting I record audio of them going at it. It's weird, she's my friend, and it's just really a step too far.

INFO: They've been doing this for maybe 10 weeks, give or take? I've asked her to stop at least once, sometimes twice, per week since he started coming over, so roughly a dozen requests to keep it down over nearly 3 months.

Further info: no one else can hear us. There's no flat above us, no one in the flat below us, the side of us with the bedrooms side has no flat next to it and the nearest neighbours are on our other side with about 30ft and 4 walls between them and us.  

I am a teenage girl living in Italy with extremely religious parents, and a now 26 week pregnant 14 year old sister.

My parents raised us with no knowledge of sex, and did everything they could to ensure that we couldn't learn about sex in school (such as removing us from school in days sex education was performed, and going as far as to remove me from class whenever I had biology in my later school years in case I got any ideas), and they never told us about it either. We were always taught that sex is for married couples who want to have children, and so the only real knowledge of sex I had was from my friends and media.

My parents think I am still a virgin despite being with my current boyfriend for two years, but this is not true. As they never found out about me having sex, I suppose my parents assumed their methods worked. However, last year, my sister (who is much braver than I was) came home to my parents and said she had a boyfriend. They got extremely angry, but knowing they couldn't really stop her seeing him without pulling her out of that school, accepted it somewhat.

My sister's boyfriend does not come from a religious background. I know his family well as I am friends with his older sister and they are very liberal.

My little sister and I share a room, and long story short, I found condoms in her pocket when I was tidying her clothes up. I asked her about it, and she told me they had been having sex for months with the condoms. I'm still pretty uneducated on sex due to my upbringing, but I have also been using condoms only for years so I - perhaps stupidly - assumed she would be fine and decided not to tell my parents. She is of age here and he is a nice boy, so I assumed it was fine.

This was a while ago, and I recently came home to a huge argument going on in my house. My parents had found out that my little sister is pregnant, and she has somehow been hiding it for all this time. My parents were going crazy at her, making her cry and simultaneously telling her she is stupid for getting pregnant but also that giving away the baby be wrong. My mother also claimed that an abortion would never be an option, to which my sister said she was too far along anyway. As far as I am aware, abortions are not permitted after the first trimester. At this point, my mother changed her mind and decided that my sister absolutely should have had an abortion. It was a huge mess in which I mainly stood aside. My mother eventually asked my opinion, and I replied:

"I think it's entirely your fault she is pregnant, you actively prevented her from knowing how to have safe sex and ultimately this child should be your responsibility, you have failed her and are abusing her for it."

My whole family are now angry at me, and along with this I shared that I had sex at her age and the way they raised us made us deceitful. Now everyone is angry at each other apart from me and my sister, and I can't help feeling like my input made it worse.Let’s start by saying I don’t have a lot of friends. I organized a birthday dinner and invited my best friend and her girlfriend (who is also a close friend). I asked them weeks before the date and then confirmed a few days before hand both times they said they were definitely coming. Keep in mind it was my best friends birthday a few weeks before mine, and I made sure I attended a gaming night she hosted in celebration, and bought her a thoughtful gift. 

I made a reservation at my favorite restaurant, arrived 15 minutes early on the night to make sure I was there when they arrived. Half an hour passed and I thought it was strange they weren’t there/I hadn’t heard from them. They were both active on Facebook so I messaged them asking when they were coming. They both read my messages and did not respond. I sat at my favorite restaurant eating my favorite food alone on my birthday. I did not hear from them at all regarding the dinner (not to mention they did not even wish me a happy birthday) and then in the following weeks they invite me to a Christmas dinner they’re hosting for a group of friends. Of course after what’s happened I decline the invite and instantly get a message asking why I’m not coming. 

I am furious. I am somebody that forgives people for literally everything, and I feel like that’s the reason they’re shocked I haven’t just got over it. As well as anger I can’t help but feel incredibly guilty for declining their invite. Am I being an asshole if I just cut these people off?
Long time lurker, desperately need outside judgement on this because all my real life responses are so mixed.

I (22f) have been with my boyfriend (30) for a few months now. He moved to England just over two years ago. I really like the guy but he has so many issues regarding English 'culture'/norms and he's making no effort to change them.

We went out with my friends for dinner last week at a really popular British chain. Two of the people we went out with work at other branches of the same chain. We all ate our meals and had a great time, but after we all left my boyfriend was in a real mood. We were heading to a bar to get some drinks and out of nowhere he just snapped 'I think it's absolutely disgusting that not one of you left a tip, do you know how much those wait staff earn?'. One of my friends who works at another branch said 'Over £8 an hour?' (a couple of pounds above minimum wage) and he just sulked. When we got home that night he was still moody, and I tried to explain to him that we just don't really tip here very often because the servers get paid hourly. He thinks it's disgusting.

He also has an issue with me just being on the pill. In England, people in committed relationships with no STDs tend to just use one form of contraception **(note: I'm not looking for judgement on whether these norms are right or not)** and for me, my preferred one is the pill. He went crazy about this, saying that we have to use condoms (changed his mind later that night when he wanted sex) and where he's from taking just the pill is 'begging to be pregnant'.

He does things like this a lot. There's smaller examples, like getting pissed off when my brother (who is 18, legal age to drink here) drinks alcohol in front of him. My sister is at university and he refuses to call it anything but 'college' when college here is something you do before you're able to go to uni (and is typically, at least in my part of the UK, seen as something less academic students do).

I know that he's being rude and I'm not the asshole for that, but we recently had a fight about it in which I declared 'if the only thing you like about this country is the free healthcare and that they speak English, you should fuck off'. Since then, he's been really upset. I don't think he knows how annoying he was. AITA for shouting at him rather than speaking?

&#x200B;

Edit: he said we have to use condoms alongside the pill and went on a rant about how one form isn't enough. I don't have an issue with condoms.I’ve known my husband is gay for several years now. At the very least he’s a gay-leaning bi-man. Our sex life has deteriorated consistently over the course of our marriage, and a few years ago I found his stash of gay porn on his work laptop (wasn’t snooping, it as on accident).

The thing is, I actually enjoy my marriage. My husband is kind and considerate. We have three beautiful kids (9, 12, 14). He makes a lot of money and takes care of us well, while I am a home maker and enjoy taking care of him.

So I’ve just kept quiet and let him keep it to himself. I don’t want to bring up in case he decides to leave or it implodes the family. I don’t want my kids to have to go through that, at least until they’re older.

So I’ve just kept quiet and let my husband stay in the closet, enjoying the fantasy/porn in his private time.

AITA?So about 5 years ago, I (m27) have been fuck buddies for a couple of months with a young woman (f26) during exchange semesters. We mutually agreed that while we liked each other, we didn’t love each other and we were not going into a relationship, but would rather be having some fun together and that’s it. 


Well, despite both of us using protection (her the pill, me condoms), she somehow got pregnant. I didn’t want the kid, but she did. I argued none of us was in a financially stable position, we were not in a relationship, I can’t see us both co-parenting since we’re from different continents, etc. She said she does understand and all those are good arguments but she simply does want to keep the kid and that’s it. We argued back and forth for a while but in the end it’s her decision and she kept the child. We were never fighting, never yelling, just arguing. She eventually told me that I am free to walk away if I want to - she’ll raise the kid alone and she won’t ever ask me for anything. I still didn’t like the idea and would have preferred abortion, but I won’t be the one ultimately deciding. So I walked away. The semester was soon to be over anyways and I moved back to my home country thousands of kilometers away. We never heard from each other again.


That is, up until a few weeks ago when I received a couple of text messages from her about how both her and the boy are doing well along with some photos of them. I replied that it’s nice to hear they are both well and healthy but also - after some chit-chat - that I am perfectly fine with staying out of their lifes and would like to keep it that way. That’s when she started to mention some financial problems she’s having and that it would be great if I’d start to chip in with the expenses for the boy. I declined and reminded her of how she said 5 years ago she’d never ask me for anything. She was not happy with my reply and kept pushing me.


Now I checked with a lawyer and since we were never married, I never recognized paternity and we live in two different countries with very different jurisdiction, the chance of her successfully going after me financially is very very low. So I decided to completely stay out of my kid’s and his mother’s life and to also not contribute financially. 


5 years ago she did take a unilateral decision, dismissing my standpoint, and gave me a very unambigous promise, that I am free to walk out of their life and she’d never ask me for anything. I’m asking her now and forever to be true to her word. Now there will be people who say it doesn’t matter what she said, you are always responsible for the life you created. Well, I agree, but I think it’s ultimately her who created that life, so it’s her who’s responsible. But I do also understand that this is a quite controversial topic. 


So, AITA?Hello,

&#x200B;

I wanted to ask: AITA for charging a deaf person for the internet bill they caused me?

&#x200B;

Last month I took part in a retreat. The location's internet didn't work, so we all just had our mobile data. There was a deaf participant from Russia, and he couldn't access the mobile network with his phone. So he asked me if I could give him access through hotspot so he can communicate with his family.

I have limited mobile data, I get 500mb per month and from there on, I pay 5 bucks for each 100mb (it's pretty expensive here). I only use mobile data for WhatsApp and maybe sometimes to check my schedule. 

So I agreed to give him hotspot under the condition that he only uses it for WhatsApp. No videos, no excessive photo transmissions because it's limited. He agreed.

&#x200B;

But when I got lasts month bill I was kinda shocked: he apparently used over 6GB additionally. I was able to track it down to him because this huge amount of data was consumed during these two retreat days. But before confronting him via Facebook, I asked a friend who was his roommate, if he noticed anything. He told me that this Russian guy did sign language videochat the whole night through with his parents. I asked my friend if he had the impression that it were an emergency, but he said that their chat seemed very lighthearted and included lots of laughing.

&#x200B;

So I don't know what to do. The bill is over 60 bucks, my budget doesn't really allow it. And I told the deaf guy in advance to only use WhatsApp, but I didn't get a warning that he was using so much data, so he maybe didn't even realize it. In addition, my friend told me that I should give him the benefit of being disabled where videochatting is often the easiest way of communication...Okay, so here’s the story.

 
When my old car broke down, my grandma gave me hers. It’s a 2014 Honda Accord, and the thing has basically just been sitting in her garage for the past 5 years. It’s in mint condition, and has crazy low mileage.

 
Now, my coworker, “Louis”, has always kind of given me the creeps. He’s in his late 40’s, but goes around hitting on all the girls in the office that are in their 20’s. He just has this totally fake vibe about him, and I’ve just tried to stay as far away from him as I can.
 
When I rolled up in my new car, he absolutely lost him mind. He starts asking me all the specs, details, other car stuff. Then he asks me if he can take it for a test drive. I tell him absolutely not. Honestly, who even asks that?
 

Later, I come out and he is inspecting my car, running his hands all over it. I asked him wtf he was doing, and he said he was just making sure I got a good buy. He then asks if I can let him inside so that he can see the interior. I said, and I quote “Louis, No. Don’t touch my car, don’t look at my car, you’re never going inside of it.”
 

Now, if it couldn’t get any worse, he brought a bag of candies to work. He was trying to give some to me. I said no. When I got out to my car, he had taken them out of the packaging and laid them out all over the hood of my freaking car. Since it was hot, they got sticky (edit to clarify: didn't fully melt but got really sticky and gross) and I had to take my car to the wash. I honestly feel like I’m in the freaking twilight zone at this point.


He came in to my office this morning and started making more jokes about taking my car. I got up, without saying a word, and left my own office. Now I’m wondering, WIBTA for taking this up with HR?

Edit/Some clarifying information: This happened on work property. We have assigned spots, he is next to me. I didn't take any pictures of the candy (although I should have). I have no clue how long it actually sat on my car for, but it wasn't really melted. Just partially melted/a bit sticky.EDIT: THE EVIL HAS BEEN DEFEATED!
I had a meeting today with the owner of the third-party company, and while he didn't buy it right away, his partner was appalled when I gave them my phone to read the texts. The supervisor has been removed, and they promised me he'll be fired as well so he can't tarnish the company further.
Today we won!

Throwaway account for obvious reasons.

So I work in engineering, and I manage multiple projects, each one with one or more contractor companies. It's pretty standard practice to give contractors and key employees my phone number, so I can contact them. The job requires a lot of on the fly decisions, and that way they can text me with whatever is wrong and I can get started on solving it.

I also don't have a company phone, so I'm left using my personal phone for work. It sucks a bit because that makes me available 24/7, but usually people are considerate and at least apologize if they are texting late at night about work.

Tuesday night I started getting a number of texts from a field supervisor from a third-party company. They were very inappropriate.

I replied that I was very uncomfortable with the conversation, and stopped replying. The guy briefly apologized, then resumed texting. Honestly, he sounded drunk from the nonsensical things typed between "compliments". He also started calling my phone non-stop.

 

Later I went to talk to my manager, that I wasn't comfortable working with the supervisor (I often am alone at the factory with contractors while we inspect machines and installations), and that I'd like to remove him from the team (in theory, something I'd have authority to do).

My boss thought I was getting too worked up over nothing, admonished me to not care so much and told me that it's a normal thing to happen and that I should learn to deal with it, as it wouldn't be the last time. While I talked to him he was also smiling the whole time and even cracked a joke ("your fault for being pretty! haha").

 

Today I have invited the owner of the third-party company here so I can talk to him. I want to have the supervisor removed. Despite that, I expect that his response will be in line with my boss' (they are longtime friends) and the supervisor will remain working here ("we don't want to shortstaff them during the project. It might be months before they can replace him, and by then the project is over, anyway").

WIBTA if I went to HR anyway and told them what happened? I'm unsure if they can do anything at all since the supervisor is a contractor, but I don't feel safe and I don't know what to do. At the very least maybe they'll back me up if I have him removed from the site?My[17M] sister[16]. Has been feeling sick for last few days. She has thrown up a lot,gets dizzy, has headaches.(now that I typed it out it sounds like pregnancy symptoms. Just wanna make it clear, there’s 0% chance of her being pregnant). 

I only noticed that she’s sick because we’re home most of the day after school. She has told me that it’s nothing and she’ll feel better soon. Our parents have really busy schedule and come home late at night,they don’t see her often, so they don’t know that she’s sick. 

She has asked me not to tell our parents because she doesn’t want to go to a doctor(she’s kinda scared of them and avoids them unless it’s really necessary). She’s been getting worse tho, she threw up 4 times in a day. I told our parents about it. They talked to her and they’re bringing her to a doctor tomorrow. She’s PISSED at me.

**edit: She’s trans.She is not pregnant.**

**also update: I apologized to her and told her that I was just worried about her. She said that she understands it and apologized for overreacting. So it’s all good between us. I’m going with her to doctor**I manage a small cafe in a college town. We are one of the places who doesn't have WiFi because we only have 6 indoor tables and WiFi encourages people 'camping' tables all day, which is bad for business (we aren't one of those "No WiFI, JUST TALK TO EACH OTHER!!!" places, it's just better for turnover this way. EDIT to add: we don't ask patrons who spend a long time there to leave or try to rush them in any way).

We have one regular who I'll call Sam who comes in every day, without fail, and camps out for 4-6 hours. Sam is about 35 and I believe is a grad student or was one at the nearby University. He clearly thinks he is a beloved regular and talks to the staff/hangs out near the counter every moment he thinks we aren't busy and basically drives us crazy. This has been going on for almost a year but was especially bad all summer when our front of house staff was all female (just a coincidence based on who quit for the summer). He doesn't exactly flirt with us but he pesters us with personal questions and boring stories in a way he doesn't pester male staff.

During his 4-6 hour stay, he uses a WiFi... dongle thing he brings from home, laughs outloud at things he's reading online (and then comes up to the counter to tell us), tries to police other customers' behavior around tables/chairs/cream and sugar/trash, and just stares at us waiting to pounce when we don't have a customer at the counter. During all this, he buys one small cappuccino, no tip, and sometimes paws through our day-old stuff and tries to get us to toast/heat it 'for him' even though it's against the rules.

After months of me politely but firmly trying to correct his behavior, he tried to police a group who pushed two tables together saying 'That isn't how we do it here' (this isn't even a rule here!) and I snapped. I pulled him aside, told him he's been driving us crazy for a year, that me asking him to leave us alone while we work has fallen on deaf ears, and he's banned. He had a FIT of course but he did finally leave and hasn't been back.

The staff and actual beloved regulars are split. Some feel bad for him because they think he's just a lonely dork and he didn't really break any hard and fast rule. My two favorite regulars and all of the female front of house staff are happy but the male staff members and other manager (who doesn't work during Sam's 'visiting hours') think I was too harsh. Our other banned customers are banned for like, putting poop on the bathroom walls or stealing, so being annoying isn't a capital offense, but I really believe his annoyingness was bad for business and staff morale.I got so many nice comments on my original, and my first ever gold,  I figured I owed everyone an update and sort of what I'm thinking now after getting a chance to talk it out with Tammy and see Gregory for the first time in almost 2 years. I needed the original is here:

https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/aneyb5/aita_for_not_wanting_to_be_the_maid_of_honor_at/


I posted the original on Tuesday morning. I pretty much couldn't focus on anything else so I took the rest of the week off to have a self pity party. That wasn't working so I just decided screw it, I'm going to drive 7 hours to see Tammy and just tell her how I was feeling. I texted her on the way and she said she was happy I was coming. I really wanted to address all the very good questions you good people had brought up in my post from Tuesday. 

So I got there and we basically hugged hello and I have to admit I was very happy to see her. What was so fucking weird is it was obvious Gregory was living in her place now. I don't even know why I hadn't even thought about this but he's a pretty messy dude so when I saw cereal bowls on the coffee table and socks on the floor (shit that used to drive me up the wall)...I was like wow...this is real. Thank god Greg wasn't there and Tammy apologized that she just didn't feel good enough to clean up before she heard I was coming. 

So our conversation basically centered around what happened and why she never told me. At first she was kind of talking around it to spare my feelings and I got sort of frustrated with her and told her to please just tell me what happened. So it turns out they went out as a group right after I gave her Greg's number and they just had an immediate attraction. They said that for the first few times they hung out it was all just reminiscing about our college days and never mentioned the attraction. I guess about two weeks of hanging out they kissed for the first time and she was so pissed at herself she blocked his number and didn't see him for almost a month. I guess she got lonely again, they ran into each other and admitted they had real feelings. She said she texted me and told me she wanted to talk about it right after they agreed to start dating (I found this out on my own on Tuesday after going through my texts, but since I was so busy I wasn't very nice to her) but she knew I was busy and really wavered on interrupting the most important time in my professional career vs telling me some very hard to swallow news. She said rightly or wrongly she decided to tell me in person when she saw me again. Fast forward a little bit I guess they so serious they talked about eloping after only two months and were pretty much living together. She said they had a drunken new years even party and just weren't careful and that's when she assumes she got pregnant. She said she knew then that it was an in person conversation she had to have with me, her first free weekend was last weekend. 


So I basically responded to all of this by saying I just didn't know how to feel. That in my brain I knew Gregory and I were not compatible but my heart always hoped we'd grow up and be able to make it work AND she was my best friend AND I basically hooked them up. And I just don't know how to deal with all this. I know it's over but even seeing his shit on her floor was sort of painful (honestly, that would have been a massive fight between Greg and I, like I said Tammy is much more chill). I told her that I would always love her and always be her friend but an April wedding is probably just too soon to be involved in a wedding party. She said she totally understood. 


We talked about the elephant in the room for maybe 20 more minutes but honestly we were just talking in circles, saying the same thing over and over again. So we just sort of moved on to how she was feeling, how work was going, me apparently wearing some sort of man repellent because I can't even hook up on Tinder  and all the other things friends usually talk about.  Tammy is in full blown morning sickness so she must have barfed 15 times in the first two hours of me being there. At first I just let her do her thing...but then I felt really bad because we've been friends for over 20 years and I'm not even helping her. So I went in and helped put her hair in a pony tail and rubbed her back. And that's when it hit me that I would absolutely regret it and never be able to forgive myself if I weren't there for her wedding, pregnancy and having a baby...no matter who she was marrying. 


We went to lunch and at that point I told her I was sorry I was being selfish and I would be her maid of honor. She said no way I was being selfish but would never have another maid of honor besides me. It's not going to be the easiest thing in my life but I can't not do it. 


So we went back to her apartment and Gregory was home. Suddenly I felt like such an idiot because I couldn't possibly be in their wedding, let alone ever be around the two of them together. That was the most awkward hello I've ever had in my life (and thank god he'd cleaned up because I was just amped up with nerves to scream at him like I would have in the past). We sort of awkwardly sat on their couch not saying much but after a few minutes I just started telling myself again to grow up, don't let my own feelings get in the way of two people who may really belong together. 


Seeing them in person together is even more saccharine sweet than I thought possible. They are perfect for each other. Gregory is supportive (I don't know how many times I had to claim best friend privilege when she got sick over loving fiancé privilege) and sweet and she's far more tolerant of him than I could ever possibly be. It was still hard for the rest of the evening but I think it will get better with time. I decided again I would be in heir wedding. 

We had dinner and I got a hotel because even though I'm trying, i'm not ready to sleep in the same house as them. Tammy has to work today so i'm just hanging out before I see her for lunch than i'm going to drive back home.  We have a long, long way to go but I'm so glad I came to see her because at the very least we saw each other and talked it out and I'm very happy that I'm going to be involved in these major life events with her. 


thank you so much for all the input the other day and thank you for reading all this. 

tl;dr: my best friend is pregnant and marrying my ex boyfriend. She told me on Sunday, I had an AITA post that blew up on Tuesday and I travelled to see her yesterday to hash it out. Things are uncomfortable but she is and will always be my best friend and I've decided I'm going to be in her wedding. 


Edit: guys holy shit! This has blown up again. I literally just got home and have over 200
Inbox notifications. Thank you so much for the gold and silver. I can’t waif to read all this! Thank you so much!


Edit 2: I totally passed out last night so I didn't get to participate like I would have. I have to jump in and defend Tammy, maybe no one will see this because it's probably time this fades. Maybe no one will belive me but for all the critisms of her there's a good explanation that can most likely be explained away by me being a bad writer or not wanting this to be a narcissistic novel. For example, I saw someone saying "Tammy should have called after the first kiss." I've known her for so long to know that she knows I can be very irrational and angry (I alluded to it in the other post but I had to do a year of anger management therapy because I can be like dynamite when I get pissed, I'm way better now but she probably has legit ptsd from some of my freak outs) and she figured it was a one time thing so why poke the bear if that makes sense. 

Secondly, I can't stress enough how busy I was last fall. Not an exaggeration to say I was working 16+ hours a day with maybe a day off every 20-30 days. I was planning a huge event that centered around a true narcissist and he would have me on my phone, texting questions and answers all day long. The last thing I wanted to do in my time off was get on my phone. I can count from that period and I'd say it averages 10 to 1 of Tammy texting me (I assume calls were worse) but one stretch I think I counted she texted me 40 times before I texted her back. It's bad timing more than anything because anyone of those may have been when she wanted to tell me. And I definitely appreciate her thoughtfulness of not wanting to spring it on me while I was losing my mind from lack of sleep at work. I agree with her that this was an in person conversation anyways. 

I know Tammy is just an Internet Sprite to all but one of you (and that is so f-ing tworedditorsonecup thing, I wish I had the energy to do another post) but she is a real person who has been my ride or die since we were 10 and 11. We've fought, screwed each other over so many times and we've always forgiven each other because having her in my life is way more important than pining over a guy I spent most of my time frustrated with anyways. Don't get me wrong, I'm still pining and I cried last night over this...but like so many people said, maybe Tam-Tam's best gift to me as a friend was forcing me to get on with shit...maybe 10 years and 40+ breakups and just as many  broken dishes and slammed doors...she was the sign the universe sent to make me move on from a guy who wasn't right for me. I 32(F) and my husband 41(M) have been together for 12 years and married for 11. 6 months into our marriage, we had our lovely daughter Belle, who passed away when she was 2 years old. After my daughter's passing my husband had an affair with his close friend which resulted in a baby girl Zoe. Now Zoe's mother was a troubled woman who suffered from post partum depression, which ultimately took her life. My husband was regretful of his actions and worked hard to prove that he was willing to be loyal from that day that on. I decided to forgive him and accept the baby as my own. 

Zoe is now 6 years old and is a bright young girl. I love her but one thing which has been bothering me a lot is that Zoe looks a lot like her mother. Somehow when I look at her face for too long, I get triggered. 

After the cheating, I've struggled with being intimate with my husband. Things improved in the last 3 years, and my husband had recently expressed his desire of having another child. He has been really desperate for a baby. Now all this time, I've taken pills in secret, however, I ended up conceiving 2 months ago on a family trip. 

I forgot to take pills one morning, and  ended up pregnant. My husband is beyond excited. He cried happy tears when I told him about the pregnancy.

 Zoe has been going all around telling her friends that she was going to become a big sister. My inlaws feel that this baby will finally heal our wounds. My husband talks to my belly all the time. He is being incredibly affectionate and loving. He gets emotional wherever he talks about the baby. 

Now the biggest problem is that I don't feel connected to this baby at all. Recently, an ex came into my life after 10 years. We have reconnected and our friendship is going strong. We often talk about our lives. He recently got cheated on and left, so we've talked to each other about our experiences. 

Things took a drastic turn for me last week when I saw a dream. In the dream, I had just given birth to my baby and my husband was there holding our baby in his arms. When I looked up to see my husband's face, I saw my ex. My actual husband wasn't there in the dream and neither was Zoe. 

Ever since I saw the dream, I've come to the realization that I no longer see a future with my husband. I do want a family of my own someday, but I don't want a baby WITH HIM. 


I've been thinking of getting an abortion but can't tell my husband because it will destroy him. I really want to leave this marriage and start over. I want to explore where things go with my ex. Our relationship ended because of distance and bad timing. I'm pretty positive my ex still has feelings for me, but has never expressed his feelings out of respect for my marriage. 

WIBTA if lie to my husband about having a miscarriage when in reality I'll be getting an abortion? I plan to divorce him next year so I don't want him to know that I didn't want this baby and hurt him more.I am pregnant. With Triplets. Natural conception. Stated trying a couple of months ago and was just….un/lucky I guess?

We have a 5 year old daughter who just started school and intentionally spaced out the pregnancies to avoid having 2 kids in full time childcare at once, as I would be going back to work after my 6 months of maternity leave. Childcare is basically a second mortgage in our country so we wanted to avoid having 2 sets of childcare fees.

I want to reduce the pregnancy to either a single baby. 

My husband is opposed to it because he feels it is wrong to “pick and choose”, even though we wouldn’t be doing it by gender (too early to tell anyway and even if it wasn't, the doctor would just do the reduction the way he feels is the best way to do it) and he is excited about the idea of having a large family. He always wanted 4 kids, I wanted to be “one and done”, we compromised on 2. It took me a while to warm up to having another baby, but 3? I don't want 3 more babies!

He out-earns me significantly and his job has better benefits, so he will be the working parent. With 3 babies, I’d have to quit working until they started school.

But I feel like it is easy for him to be excited about it when he is not the one who will have to be pregnant with 3 babies, he is not the one who will have to stop working for 5 years until they are in full time school, he is not the one who will be doing the vast majority of childcare duties and day-to-day wrangling of the babies, not the one who will have to breastfeed three babies, etc etc etc. I also know from talking to the doctors that 3 babies will be born early and there are risks with health for them there and the chances of carrying to 36 weeks are stronger. I'd rather have a healthy baby than 3 with health problems. 

AITA if I am to selectively reduced and let him believe we lost two of the babies (which is common) naturally?

EDIT: The reason I want to tell him it was a miscarriage is fear he will retaliate by telling my super religious (Catholic) parents who will never speak to me again and will withdraw the help they give us with our daughter now.So I'm a 23 year old guy, and I have a 4 year old daughter. I'm a single dad since my kid's mum passed away in an accident two years ago. I'm not gonna lie and pretend it's been easy, we're getting by. Aside from her my big sister is my only family. Mum is dead, Dad's a piece of shit we have no contact with, don't have any grandparents or aunts or uncles or w/e. 

My sister is getting married in three weeks. Her wedding is child free, which I totally understand. However, the wedding would mean me being out of town overnight, and my daughter has some issues with separation anxiety, meaning there are only a few of people she's comfortable being left with for such a long time. One of them is my sister, one is my neighbour and one is my coworker/best friend. Obviously my sister is a no go for babysitting on the day and my friend is out of the country on that date. Originally, it was planned that my daughter would stay with the neighbour. However, two days ago neighbour had a bad fall and broke her hip. She's an older woman, so the healing process is going to be hard and she's not going to be up to having a kid running around in 3 weeks. This, obviously, has left me without a sitter. 

I asked my sister if she'd be willing to make a compromise and let my daughter attend the wedding, but she and her fiancé are steadfast they want no kids there. I apologised and said I'm not going to be able to attend, then, because I obviously can't leave my kid by herself and she's not at a place yet where I can leave her overnight with anyone else. My sister is really really upset because now she isn't going to have any blood family at the wedding, and her fiancé had some very choice words for me regarding my daughter's anxiety problems and how he thinks I'm using them as an excuse. He even went so far to say she's just being a brat and I need to stop enabling her, which pissed me off. For context, her issues come from the fact that she was in the same accident that her mum died in, and we're working on them with a counsellor but obviously these things take time. 

Idk. I feel shitty abandoning my sister, but if she's not willing to have my kid there I don't know that there's much else I can do. AITA for saying that either my kid needs to come or I can't go?

EDIT: I don't think I've been clear enough about not  being able to leave my daughter for an extended period with anyone but the three people I lifted. I appreciate that most of you suggesting "just find a sitter in the town where the wedding is and leave the kid with them" mean well, but leaving her with a stranger in an unfamiliar place is like seventh circle of hell for my daughter. 

Also I want to clarify that my issue is not with them having a child free wedding per se. I understand why you would want that. What I think is unreasonable is how they both fully know my situation and still expect me to attend without my daughter.

EDIT #2: apparently I'm banned from replying for 30 days because telling people making baseless accusations to do one is a "repeated violation of rules 1 and 3", if you have any burning questions do message me with them directly.I left my GFs apartment to pick up my nephew who was staying for the night, and to pick up some food. Coming back, as I'm driving in, I make a wrong turn because its a new place, so I took the long way to her unit. I'm definitely driving a bit slower than usual traffic because everything is still new to me, plus there are a bunch of speed bumps and my car is lower. A cop followed me as soon as I turned in.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Once I parked, I texted my GF that a cop was following me. I get our stuff when he cuts the spotlight on me and turns on his lights. By this time we're already out of the car. He walks up to me and asks me what I'm doing. In general, my philosophy is to say very little to police when I'm approached in an official capacity. I've had some run-ins before, and my nephew has priors.

&#x200B;

I responded matter of factly, "Nothing really. You?" I thought it was a friendly conversation. Thats my normal response to anyone asking me that question. He tells me he's the one that asks the questions, not me. OK. I'm also the one that doesn't answer questions so if we want to go that route. He asks me why I went the wrong way, and why was I driving so slow. I just say that I don't agree with the premise, and that neither one of those things are crimes. He says, "What are you, a sovereign citizen? Give me your ID."

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

By this time, he's been shining his flashlight inside my car looking for shit. My GF is out front, and due to his lights 2 sets of neighbors are also out front. I state that again, I didn't commit a crime and since this isn't a stop and ID state I don't have to ID myself. I wasn't pulled over, I was approached after I was already parked. He says he got a call that someone who fit my description and matched my car was driving around the parking lot looking inside of cars, there was a recent car theft in that lot. He literally started following me the second I pulled in, which was 2 minutes ago, so I know thats bullshit. My GF speaks up to say something, and I tell her I've got this.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

He then turns to my nephew and demands ID. I tell him that he's a minor, and I don't give him permission to speak to him. I say that lets not act like he didn't run my plates, so we both know he knows who I am, and unless I'm being detained, I'm leaving. I walk inside and make sure they both follow me. Nothing else happens.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

She's really upset that I would speak to the police in that manner, especially considering they have had some minor crime recently. I was never rude, I just don't want to answer a bunch of questions. She's also highly embarrassed that I would do this in front of her neighbors. Do what? I'm not the one that turned the discussion sideways, and I'm not the one that started lying. Also, we're Black while my GF and her apartment complex is all White. That may have something to do with how I've experienced police encounters versus how she has.  

&#x200B;

Edit:  They've had a couple of car break-ins, and 1 home break-in within the past 2 months or so.  They put a cop on site for nights like this.  GF insists its just for security, and its the same as having to check-in at the front in a gated community.  Lots of people have apparently been questioned, and all you have to do is tell them where you're going and give them your ID.  Although I'm glad they're being proactive, I still feel like I didn't sign up for all of that.I’m kind of convinced that I’m overreacting and am in fact TA but I want other opinions first. Also, I’m tired so I’m going to make this as clear and concise as I can.

My Bf (20M) and I (18F) have been dating for going on a year now. We started out as FWB but then we both developed feelings. In the beginning stage of our relationship he would constantly take me out to dinner and buy me random things he found and thought that I would like (nothing ever expensive just a cute stuffed animal or figurine that he saw for example). At the same point in this relationship I would reciprocate these actions. I would bring him food to work when I went into visit him, I would buy him random presents and would surprise him with random dinners just so he knew that I cared about him.

Fast forward a couple months and he’s still doing everything listed above just less frequently. He developed financial struggles and eventually quit his job and was unemployed for about a month. During this time he completely stopped spending any money on me and it was entirely me spending money when we went out or did something together. This didn’t bother me at all as I understood it was only a temporary situation and I loved him.

He got his job back about three months ago making decent money (we make about the same amount) and I have recently moved about an hour and a half away to go to college so we only see each other every two weeks. 

The problem for me comes in because I am the only one making an effort to drive the hour and a half to either visit home for the weekend or take him up to my dorm. This costs quite a lot in gas. After I make the drive I am the only one who spends money on dates or anything we decide to do when we hang out and he frequently asks me if I can buy him food. His excuse for this is that we always hang out right before he gets paid (he gets paid on Monday and we always hang out the weekend before due to work schedules) and at that point all of the money from his paycheck is gone. He never makes any effort to save money even though he knows this is going to happen every time we see each other.

Today, he called me and told me that he went out with friends and tipped a waiter $60 because it was “the best service he had ever received.” I have not said that this hurt me or anything regarding the situation at all because I don’t know if I’m being an ass. WIBTA if I did confront him for this?My wife is five months pregnant with our first child. Recently, she has felt some small kicks from the baby. I tried to feel for a few nights, but no kicking. Then on Saturday, my best friend was over playing games with the two of us. We started talking baby stuff, and my wife mentioned that the baby has started kicking. My friend, who was very happy and excited, asked if he could feel her belly, and she said, "No, but I appreciate you asking." My friend was visibly upset/discouraged, but we moved on. My friend slept over after having a few drinks, but after he left the next morning, my wife and I talked about it and I told her that I was upset that she didn't let my friend feel her belly. She said that it was her body and she didn't want anyone but her mom or me touching her belly. So I told her that I will not be touching her belly and that that was my choice and I thought she was being unfair to not let my friend (30 and single) experience that life growing inside of her. She cried a lot and we talked a lot more, but it just seems selfish to me. Am I the asshole here?
TLDR: Wife didn't let my friend feel her pregnant belly, so I decided that I would not be feeling her pregnant belly.

Update : Looks like I am an asshole. I'm at work and texted her that I'm excited to feel our baby and that I'm sorry for being an asshole.

Update 2: While I completely do understand that I was being immature and petty, many people are calling my friend a perv. I think it's a very normal desire to want to feel a baby kick in the womb? Also, all clothes were on. At no point did he ask to feel her bare belly. 
I now understand that I have no say in who is allowed to touch her belly and who is not allowed.

Update 3: Not sure if it is at all relevant, but my wife went back home for the week (before any of this happened) and my sister was the first person to feel baby's kicks, after my wife invited her to feel. My wife and I hadn't had the conversation of who is allowed to feel and who is not allowed to feel, so I figured if my sister was allowed, then our friend would be allowed. I shouldn't have assumed, but that was my line of thinking.

Update 4: just got home from work, got her a big bouquet of flowers and sat down and hugged her and tried to feel baby. We talked about it and I texted her the link to the post. I told her I was stupid and that I fucked up big time and that I was very sorry. She accepted my apology and she's getting ready for work while I make her breakfast.

Final update : I did hear you all loud and clear. Fuck me, yes I'm the asshole here. To be honest, I was very excited that our friend was excited for us. I was then just discouraged that it seemed like he was being stifled. But my wife felt uncomfortable. That's that. End of story. I should've been fully supportive of her wishes in this situation and I wasn't. We're 4 years into a very young relationship (I'm 22, she's 21). I know that I have a ton of growing to do and I get that I fucked up here. I'm trying my best and sometimes my best sucks ass. I'm trying to be excited for this baby (I'm mainly terrified), and I fucked up. Thank you for showing me what needed to change.A few years ago, I had an excellent job and I paid for my then 16yo niece (Elsa) to go on a school trip to France that my brother and his wife could have never afforded, and I few in with her to Amsterdam, we spent 5 days there, took the train to Brussels, spent a day there, and then I dropped her off to join the start of the school trip. Her little sister (Anna…yes, fake Frozen names) was 8 at the time and I said if she did French in school and did well, I’d pay for her to do it too. 

Being vague for privacy reasons company but 3 years later, the company I was working for had significant problems and went bust in a very quick timeframe and there was not even money for redundancy payments. Despite being an educated and qualified professional, I was a combination of un and underemployed for 2 years before finally getting an OK full time job (which doesn't pay what my old one did). A year into that job, I had to take quite a bit of leave due to a severe (now fixed) health problem. They held my job, but I wasn't getting paid fully because my income protection insurance didn't fully cover me because of a fine print technicality. My savings got all but wiped out, and then towards the end, I was having to put things like rent and groceries on my credit card. 

I'm only just starting to get back on my feet financially and it was only a few months ago I made the final repayment on my credit cards and settled my debt from when I was living on credit during those times.

I can’t afford to take Anna on the trip or pay for the school trip later this year.

My brother thinks I should put it on my credit cards or take a loan or "whatever you have to do" to be fair, but I'm really not prepared to do that after what happened to me and is really mad and it’s becoming an argument between us.

I did have every intention of following though to do the same for Anna, but it is simply a case of "shit happened" with my career and health. 

I plan to explain to her what happened and that it is not a case of favouritism with Elsa. I do feel terrible about it, but I feel like that at 16, Anna is old enough to learn that sometimes, life isn't fair & shit like this happens. Sometimes people lose their jobs, sometimes people have health issues, sometimes the stars will align for your sister (or something else) but then won't align for you & that's just life. 

If I got a better job and things improved, I’d be happy to do something for Anna, I don’t want to promise I will be able to, I have already learned that lesson. 

My brother accused me of favouring Elsa, but it is not that at all. I would say I am *closer* to Elsa yes, but that's because I lived in the same city as my nieces until Elsa was 10 and Anna was 2. Elsa used to come & spend weekends when Anna was a baby & she remembered me very clearly after I moved while Anna didn’t really have those memories. Elsa now lives in my city for University & visits a lot. But I love them equally.My friend and his gf of a few months came by for dinner and drinks this weekend along with my fiance and a couple other mutual friends. At some point I took off my wedding and engagement rings so I can cook and get chicken all over my hands (salmonella is bad kids) without worrying about them. After we eat and dishes are placed in the sink I reach blindly for my rings  since I always put them in a specific notch in the counter and only feel one.

Cue panic. I asked everyone if they've seen the wedding band anywhere or if it got knocked off the counter and it got to a point where I was on all fours on the ground hyperventilating while me and our friends searched.

I showed them all a picture of it in case and the gf goes "oh that thing? I thought it was foil I threw it away!"

Record scratch. Dafuq? Everyone was staring at her and I'm pretty sure my face was changing colors more rapidly than metal under a blowtorch. She starts giggling and points at the trash. The trash is about half full of food prep stuff and puppy pads because we have a disabled French bulldog that literally cant control his bowels so yeah. Pads.

"What it was an honest mistake! You left it with the other food stuffs and I was just trying to help!"

I asked if she was serious and she shrugged and repeated that it was just a mistake and the ring would most likely be sitting on top of everything. Cursory glance said nope. My saint SO offers to dig it out and I was too furious to say anything so I just nodded and glared at her. My friend (the bf) helps him too and they do end up finding it after nearly puking from the dog doo. After they wash it off they place it on a towel to dry and the gf still kept saying that she accidentally mistook it for foil.

I turn to her and in a calmness that afterwards left me shaking and lightheaded said "You need to leave now, before I crush your face because I ACCIDENTALLY mistook you for cockroach."

My friend and her gasp and our other friends kinda stared at each other and back at me.

Gf bursts into tears and storms out. My friend follows her after an angry glare at me. Our other friends told me I took it too far and maybe she was just playing a prank etc. They even mentioned that it was because my wedding band was not that expensive it wouldn't have been a big deal if we lost it. My SO asks them to leave too as I am about to lay the wrath of God into them.

So reddit, am I the asshole here? Did I overreact?

**Tldr friends gf throws my ring away "accidentally" so I tell her to gtfo before accidentally confusing her for a cockroach.**

**Edit: lots of comments to muddle thru so I'll add one here.**

Thank you to all the comments even the ones saying iata. I recognize that threatening violence was not okay and I regret that part but if I'm an asshole for comparing her to a disgusting pest I don't want to be right.

Some clarity as well - she NEVER apologized which is why I dont think it was accidental. She was chuckling and snorting while my SO and her bf dug through dog shit and food peels. She knew she fucked up because she didn't make eye contact with me at all while they were doing it either. Even her bf doesn't think it was accidental after I talked to him today, but that it was harmless and we didn't really lose the ring and I shouldn't have called her a cockroach.

The ring, although inexpensive is sparkly and does not look like foil. It was absolutely insulting that my friends thought it was a non issue that they thought that I can just buy a new one if I had actually lost it. I'll post a picture in a bit to clear up confusion.

Edit 2: my engagement and wedding band [http://imgur.com/a/YR9rkxh](http://imgur.com/a/YR9rkxh)

Edit 3: last edit for the night Here are the rings put together: [http://imgur.com/a/zqfKYr1](http://imgur.com/a/zqfKYr1)

Thank you to everyone with different perspectives. I'll say it again, I shouldn't have threatened her, yes it was in the heat of the moment but her smug laughing face pushed me over the edge. Not an excuse. Maybe I'm biased to not think my ring separately looks like foil but really its seeming less and less of a mistake when you consider that putting foil in compost makes no sense. She could've tossed it in the other two bins but she put it in the one we told them only food scraps and biological wet trash goes into. Like they've been to our house before. The bf is still going to be my friend since honestly I don't blame him for the things she chose to do. That's her agency. Not my problem.

&#x200B;

EDIT 4 FINAL EDIT. (will be adding to this as I read through)

I have read through most-ish of the comments so I will try and answer multiples of questions here and also some clarifications.

1. *Why are you wearing your wedding ring if you're just engaged?* \- My fiance and I went shopping for wedding bands together after he gave me the engagement ring. When we found one that remotely fits, we took it home and pried it open wide enough to fit the engagement ring, and I wanted to wear it already and he agreed.
2. I am also a girl, they were at my house.
3. *Why is there poo in the kitchen trash?* \- We have 3 bins in the house. 2 of them are open air, one for recycling, the other for non-recycling. The poo pad + compost bin is metal and covered and double bagged. We've had our disabled dog for around 6 months and this is the method that has worked for us because it's a hassle to run outside with drippy poo pee pads 3-5 times a day.
4. I recognize IATA for threatening violence. I do not feel bad about calling her a cockroach.
5. *Why are you focusing your question on calling her a cockroach when you should be asking about the "crushing her face" deal?* \- At the time, and even now, our friends thought that the cockroach bit and telling her to leave was the bit that went too far.
6. *How do you know she did it on purpose?* \- She still hasn't apologized, even if it was accidental. She did not throw anything else away because I throw everything I don't need away as I cook. She has been to my house many times. She has seen my rings together on my finger often. **Also, if she accidentally threw away some 'foil' she wouldn't have recognized that she did from seeing the picture.**
7. *But you found it so why are you still making a big deal about it?* \- If I didn't reach for my rings at the time and they left after dinner, we would have thrown away the bin and it would have been lost forever.
8. Thank you to all the people that say my rings are beautiful.
9. I didn't even realize the title said "it" until this morning, sorry about that.
10. *Why do they even know the value of the ring?* \- We found them separately on Etsy and got both pieces for a bargain and bragged about it when we got them.
11. *What is the stone in the engagement ring? -* Alexandrite. It changes color depending on ambient lighting.
12. We will be investing in a ring saucer to place my rings in when cooking to mitigate any future incidents.
13. *How long have you known these people? -* The GF has been around for 7-8 months and we have hung out many many times before and during my engagement. The BF has been a close friend for around 10 years and no, I am not cutting him out. The other 2 guests are acquaintances that I've known for about a year. 

I am pretty sure I missed something else but [here is the dog tax of Jackson](https://imgur.com/gallery/8Bol5WA) that some of the people have asked for. I will keep trying to respond to the comments but this really blew up. Thank you for your perspectives.

Also, to the people saying it's fake because my writing style is too well thought out, or that I have great grammar... Thanks I guess?Guys, please, this is for the good of our community. 

I know it's counter-intuitive, your instinct is to downvote when you see an asshole, but it's just not in the spirit of this subreddit to do that here.

We shouldn't have to sort by controversial to find assholes here. We should be upvoting them so that everyone can see their assholery from their front page.

Please, please, please upvote the assholes! I'm getting a lot of flack from my wife for being visibly upset at this woman and I am currently in a state of being where I just don't want to be around her right now. 

This woman had a rebound relationship and got pregnant. She told my wife that she preferred to go condomless and, wouldn't you know it, when she missed her period, she insisted there was NO WAY she could be pregnant. 

My wife and I had a feeling after her third missed week that she was pregnant. At work, she asked her, 

"If you *are* pregnant, are you thinking of getting an abortion?"

The friend responded, "ABSOLUTELY NOT. I would literally NEVER do that. If *anything*, adoption."

Relieved, we offered to take her child. We realized that it was financially difficult for her so we even offered to help her out money-wise as well as emotional and familial support before and after the baby was born. I'll let it be known that she actually made us believe that if she *were* pregnant, we'd adopt it. This got me emotionally attached to the idea because she said that, at the very bottom line, she'd never ever even think about abortion.

It got brought up weekly for about a month (they're really close, this wasn't intruding- just causal conversation) until she went silent. We didn't hear from her for about 10 days. She sends my wife a text and says she got an abortion.

While I understand her fear (and realistically I *don't* fully understand since I'm a guy), I feel like I got bait-and-switched with a potential child of mine. I know it wasn't mine, but the reason I'm so upset is because she actually had us believing that this child could have been a part of our lives. This goes beyond an abortion debate. It got real and emotional investment happened. 

I have a hard time seeing her, so when she comes over, my wife intentionally keeps distance by hanging out with her on the porch while I go work or hangout in the basement. I understand she's probably hurt to, but I feel hurt to, and I just need time to get to a place where I can be civil and polite, because right now, in my heart, I'm not.

**EDIT:**

I think people are misreading, or maybe I wrote it poorly. Here was our outlook.

a. If she wants to keep the pregnancy, we will be there for emotional support and, since she's single and not really established, financial support. We would first to just be helpers, not trying to steal anyone's baby here. 

b. If she didn't want to keep the baby because of financial stress and emotional toll, we would gladly give it a home.

Since she was clearly against abortion, we thought those were the two best options to keep the baby in a stable environment.

**DOUBLE EDIT THIS BLEW UP**
By asking if IATA, I want to make *very clear* that I am NOT inferring that she ITA. Thanks!For brief context before I explain what exactly happened here: I'm 27yo gay male and there was a dude in high school, let's call him by his initial B, who loved picking on me for being effeminate.

To be clear, I was never a girly guy on purpose, I just can't exactly change my tone of voice and mannerism that come naturally. B and his friends tormented me verbally so much I developed extreme anxiety whenever I was in their proximity.

They called me every name in the book: fag, sissy, male Ugly Betty (because I was overweight and pimply back in high school). Then, things got 100% worse when we started having PE together. Long story short, B and his friends were one of the main reasons I absolutely, positively detested high school.

Well now, about a decade later, B came out as bisexual on Facebook through a long, public, "heartbreaking" essay elaborating his personal struggles. His post popped up on my feed due to a few mutual friends commenting and liking it. Ngl, I was pissed off when I read that. Not saying people can't change, but since B explicitly said in his post that he knew he was into boys since kindergarten, IMO that makes the fact that he tormented me in high school just for appearing gay even worse.

Anyway, all of the comments under B's post were overwhelmingly supportive for him "living his truth". That just aggravated me to be honest. I'm not sure whether this line of thought makes me bitter or not, but I felt the need to voice my own opinion. So I wrote something along the lines of, "That's such a cute and manipulative post B, shame you didn't consider any of this stuff when you bullied me in high school for the exact same things you're now embracing." I wanted people to see that he's not some sort of a blameless victim of a prejudiced society, as he tried to portray himself in the coming-out post.

Most of our classmates and others attacked me though, saying stuff like "why rain on a fellow LGBT person's parade?" and repeating all the generic stuff about people growing up, changing, finding themselves etc. One of my high school classmates even PM'd me to say, you don't even know what B went through since high school, he doesn't need your negativity, you're being petty and holding a grudge.

Am I honestly the asshole here? I sure feel like one now, but I still don't *believe* I am in the wrong for criticizing someone who made my high school experience miserable and caused my anxiety.My friend recently uploaded a facebook video of her kid running around her yard and playing in her pool.  It was a typical home video type of thing. I personally have nothing wrong with the kid being naked in the privacy of their own home, but I felt like seeing close up shots of the kids privates was something that my friend might regret having on the internet. It turned out her profile ended up getting banned for a week and now she is making a few facebook statuses about how people are rude. My wife said I should have just let it be. Am I the Asshole?I am a father to 3 “young adult” (ages 18, 22 and 24) sons who live with me and who for the most part have always gotten along (normal brotherly fights but nothing serious). However throughout this summer I’ve noticed a bit of a tension between them. I told my youngest to spill the beans since I figured the conflict was between the older two since they seemed the most tense. My youngest tired to avoid eye contact and kept trying to play dumb but I kept pushing. My eldest child had some bad history of impulsive behavior when he was a few years younger (the worst being an incident which resulted in his expulsion from college) but he had been slowly improving his life and I didn’t want to be too late to help him if he had done something to jeopardize itI really didn’t want my youngest keeping secrets.

When I finally got the truth out I was in shock, it turns out that middle child gathered a baby (my granddaughter) over a year ago, but had refused to even see the child. My oldest found out since he happens to work with a cousin of the mother, and he has been trying to get his brother to take responsibility and be there for his child, but he has refused. 

I confronted my middle child and we got into a huge fight. He claimed that being a father would ruin his plans for life but I told him that he had to take responsibility for his own actions and that his child deserved to have a father in her life.

This went on for a while when I told him that if he didn’t think his own child deserved a father then he didn’t deserve a father himself and I told him that he had to leave the house. He is 22 years old and has a decent job and plenty of friends so I wasn’t too worried about him. 

I have met my granddaughter and her family and have made some plans to sell my house and downsize to begin a college fund for her since my youngest child will go to college and my oldest has been saving up to move out. 

It has been about a month now and while I feel like I made the correct decision, I still feel terrible. I chose to end my relationship with my son, which hurts so much, since I have always felt closest with him throughout his life (he had the same interests that I had and was the most willing to spend time with me) I feel horrible that I raised a kid who was willing to not care about a human he helped create, I feel like i ruined any chance of a relationship between him and my youngest son, and I feel guilty since my wife has been crying a lot the last few weeks and I don’t know how to fix anything.



AITA for this? Was my reaction too strong?


Edit: He is also incredibly lackluster at paying his child support, he has to be told to do it and even then he is reluctant.

Edit 2: a lot of people are getting upset about my reaction to the youngest child, however my oldest and youngest both have been trying to get him to own up on his own for months before I found out

Edit 3: also I have seen my granddaughter more than once, selling my house is not a knee jerk reaction since I we have been think about it for over a month and still haven’t made ANYTHING official (and my wife and I came up with this idea together )Since this is a very specific situation, I’m using a throwaway for privacy reasons. 

**Note - My friend has now said that although she is “extremely disappointed” in my actions, she’s going to drop the money issue.  So it’s not like I’m being sued or anything. I’m just posting to see if I am in the wrong with how I handled things.**

My friend recently got this butt procedure done in Mexico for cosmetic reasons. I personally thought it was a little unnecessary but I try to be a good friend and support her regardless. 

She ended up inviting me to come stay at a hotel with her for a week while she recovered. Then we would fly home together. I am a teacher and have summers off so I agreed to do it. There was no mention of money. (Because my husband happens for an airline, I hardly ever pay for flights, so the plane tickets were covered). 

I get there and the hotel suite my friend rented is beautiful. I have my own room and everything. But my friend was in no position to do much of anything. I had to basically play nurse as she couldn’t even use the restroom on her own. Whenever I got a chance, I would try to eat out and go swimming or explore, but since my friend needed me, my time was limited. I managed to squeeze in one hike and that’s it. Obviously, it was not exactly a traditional vacation for the reasons I’ve outlined. 

On our last day there, my friend asked me when I thought I could “pay her back” for half the cost of the suite. I’m like uhhhh excuse me?? Why would I pay you to play mommy/nurse for seven days?? She was pissed and we got into a big argument which obviously ruined the end of the trip.

My husband thinks it’s insane that she would ask me to pay her anything. However, a mutual friend of ours is on the side of the friend who had surgery. So I’m starting to doubt myself. 

Am I somehow wrong to expect that she’d cover the cost of the hotel under these circumstances? I mean, would you ask a friend to pay who spent time taking care of you?My family and I grew up very poor. From when I was old enough to legally work, I (19F) have had to take on multiple jobs while balancing school to help with my family and my younger sister. Growing up, I never had a lot and whatever money I earned I would spend on my sister (16F) and family. When I was 18 and had just been accepted into college, my dad's business that he'd worked on for the past couple of years finally took off. This also meant that my sister could now have a normal high school experience without worrying about money.

While I was in college, I wasn't in contact with my sister that much since I was so busy with schoolwork. However, from our calls and her social media, I could tell she had changed completely and was involved with some bad people. She would post videos on her snapchat of her getting drunk, smoking weed, juuling, driving while most likely drunk/high, etc. I tried reaching out to her, but she would mostly deny the claims and told me to mind my own business. At some point, she justified her actions using the argument, "This is what the cool kids do now, not everyone was a nerd like you in high school." One of my high school friends who also has a brother in the same grade reach out to me and said that she heard that my sister was seeing a sketchy guy from another school. Apparently he sells drugs and was expelled from my sister's high school. I asked my sister about this and she denied it. 

Last week I got a phone call from my mom who was sobbing. She tells me that my sister is pregnant. I was so shocked that I could not speak. Then I was angry. When I was her age and even younger, I gave her everything and so did my parents so she could have all the opportunities her peers had. Since my dad's business became lucrative, they've given her every opportunity to succeed (any extracurricular/sport she wants, academic tutoring, school activities, etc.). I never got any of those things. It angered me so much that she took all of this for granted and fucked up her life. The father? Her delinquent "boyfriend" who got expelled and sells drugs. 

She blows up my phone but I don't respond. She then sends me a series of long text messages asking if she can crash at my place. She also asked me if I could make her an appointment to see a doctor. Lastly, she asked if it would be okay if her boyfriend comes and stays over sometimes. I shut her down. I told her that you dug this hole for yourself. If you allowed yourself to become pregnant, then you should be able to deal with the consequences. Also, I’m currently sharing a small apartment with two roommates! She begged some more and I denied her. In the past few days, she's still be texting me and calling me non-stop saying that she has nowhere to go and has been living in her boyfriend's car. I haven't responded to a single message of hers, but I feel my resolve wavering a bit. I fully don't support her, but maybe I'm being an asshole?

EDIT: To clarify, I would still NEVER house her in my apartment. That would be extremely disrespectful towards my roommates and would get me kicked out due to the lease agreement. I meant I was considering giving in and sending her some money.

EDIT 2: My parents have DISOWNED her, not kicked her out. They are refusing to acknowledge that she is their daughter, but she is still welcome to live in their house. She chose not to since my parents are absolutely fuming and probably will yell at her and criticize her, which she honestly needs.Over the last 5 years my older sister has had some health issues that meant she couldn't really look after herself.

I would go round to her house 4-5 days a week to clean, cook, do her laundry, sort her medications, etc. For this time my life has been on pause, as I've essentially been her carer (whilst also keeping up a full time job). Over these 5 years she's also become quite rude with me (publicly jokes about me being her 'servant' etc). We're part of the same friendship group, and more and more of our friends have come forward to me to say that they don't feel comfortable with the way that she treats me, and that I should stick up for myself.

Well, 4 months ago she had a surgery that should really, really improve her condition. I've been continuing to help her out since then, but I can see now that she's becoming more and more able to look after herself again, which is great!

Last week, I told her that I was going to stop doing certain tasks, now that she's well enough to do them herself.  I said that I'd be happy to come by if she needs help moving something heavy etc, but that there's no need for me to do the other stuff now that she's able to do that for herself. I suggested that instead, we use some of that time to do fun stuff together - maybe go to the pub, or go for a walk, or out for dinner instead?

I'm really excited to start my life again as it feels like it's been on pause since she got ill when I was 21, I'm excited to be able to start dating again, or go out for drinks after work, or have a lie in on a weekend - normal mid-twenties stuff!

She's reacted really badly to this. When I told her, she had, the only way to describe it is, a tantrum. She screamed at me, called me all names under the sun, and basically told me that I'm abandoning her in her time of need. She said a lot of really hurtful things about how I'm selfish and only look out for myself. She also made a lot of comments about her disability and how I'm not being understanding of it, even though her physical ability to do these tasks has now returned.

Last night I found out that she contacted our (currently divorcing) parents to tell them that I've said I'm not going to help her any more. My dad was REALLY angry, and doesn't see my side at all - he's very traditional and thinks it's my responsibility as the youngest child, to care for my 'elders'. My mum is more understanding of how I see the situation. But now I feel like I've split the family even more, because my sister and dad, won't speak to my mum or me. At the moment we're in a stalemate because my sister and dad have said that they won't engage with me or my mum until I get over myself and take on my old duties again, and  I've said that I won't do the tasks she can now do for herself - if she wants someone to do her cleaning she should pay a cleaner.

However, it's all got me thinking - AITA for sticking to my guns and saying that she has to do these things for herself?  


*UPDATE: Firstly, thank you everyone that replied to this - you've really given me the confidence to put my foot down!*  
*I've still not seen my sister, and although I've heard from friends that she feels bad about how she reacted - I'm waiting for her to come to me with an apology before we start rebuilding that relationship.*   
*I've been in touch with a few of her close friends and they agreed to each stop by once a week (so 4 days in total) for the next couple of weeks to make sure she's okay and do anything urgent. I've also spoken with our local council to organise a needs assessment for her, so that (if she qualifies) she can get professional home help (though she could have to pay over £200 a week for that).*  
*In other news, I slept in until 11am(!) today, went for lots of spontaneous drinks last week, and have a date next week... It's safe to say I'm taking advantage of all my newfound free time!*i am 14 female with Aspergers, Anxiety and insomnia (important). i recently found out my mom has been recording conversations and then sharing them on her snapchat for her friends entertainment. She has been adding text that says stuff a long the lines of “The struggles of a mentally disabled child” or “Don’t you love aspergers?”. i find this annoying and asked her to stop recording me without my permission but she had done it again. On top of this she has been talking to people about things i said to her when we were alone. 

   my mom was a serious helicopter parent. for years i wasn’t able to leave the house without calling her every 30 minutes. she always had trackers on me, my phone, my backpack, my journals, almost everything. if i took it places with me, it had a tracker. i had asked her to stop being so controlling and to let me be a kid. She reluctantly agreed but i’m not sure if the trackers are still in use or in my belongings. 

   Recently i was talking about my issues with dating and how being bi and mentally disabled is difficult. she recorded this conversation and when i saw she was recording i asked her to stop and delete it. she did because “it’s not as funny when you realize”. this makes me believe she has done this more then the few times i’ve known about. I have started distancing myself from her, being less affectionate and telling her less about my personal life. She keeps asking me to talk to her more and i don’t. i don’t trust her anymore. Am i the asshole?

TLDR; mom records conversations and shares them with my permission. i start to distance myself from her.So, it has been roughly 1 month and a week or two since I made this post and I was apparently asked for updates multiple times even rather recently despite the post being old. Unfortunately I sort of lost my account since I got a new phone and completely forgot about logging in to reddit, so I ended up looking at my old phone and saw a few more replies and that brought me back to this post.

Previous post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/drmpk9/aita\_for\_refusing\_to\_cook\_for\_my\_girlfriend/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/drmpk9/aita_for_refusing_to_cook_for_my_girlfriend/)

So, quite a bit has happened in the meantime so let's just jump right in to it(I am sorry I watched Philip DeFranco earlier.)

So roughly a week after the post me and my girlfriend had a rather large argument mostly due to how she was behaving towards me, which as some pointed out was rather disrespectful. The argument was triggered after one of my dinner parties where she behaved in the way I described where she tasted like one element of the dish, put it away and did not eat any more. Now as you may imagine I was feeling embarrassed in front of my friends but this time Cleo(The wife of a friend I usually invite) Spoke up and told her she was acting extremely rude which then resulted in some of my other friends saying the same and well the party was ruined, my girlfriend got mad and in the late evening this argument happened. I was pretty nasty to her, she was pretty nasty to me and we barely spoke for 3 days. But after she spoke to her mom(Who agreed that she was behaving badly.) She decided to apologize and we made some deals concerning cooking.

1: She would start cooking with me.

2: She would try new things.

3 She would no longer act rudely and if she did not want something she would not join a dinner party instead of acting snobbishly and not eating anyways.

4: She would eat healthier since I also told her, her diet was gonna kill her at some point.

In the last 5 or so weeks there have been large changes, she has opened up to eating a lot more stuff slowly but steadily, she has realized there is a lot more that is nice to eat beyond bland stuff and cooking together has been fun.(She is really, really horrible at cooking but we'll get there!)

So hopefully sooner or later this problem will go away! Anyways thanks for the judgement and advice everyone, also exchanging recipes was rather fun the Corn recipe someone sent me was especially nice!

Edit: Also since someone asked about a previous recipe(This is a comment from my other post where I explained it.) Well, I am not sure what you are looking for in terms of recipes, but I can toss you a simple one which I really like. Grilled Feta, my mom used to make it when I was young and it is really easy to make, basically you buy Feta(Note feta, not white cheese as they often try to fool you in to thinking that garbage is feta), some eggs, a proper baguette, Breading, Rocket(The Salad stuff), A Lemon, basil, Cherry tomatoes and well some dried herb mix. You just split the yokes from the egg whites, whisk the jokes, cut up the Feta in lines(You don't have to as Feta is brittle), Dunk the feta in the egg yokes, then dunk it in the breading and make sure it is fully covered, then you just put a whole bunch of olive oil in a pan and put the feta in, make sure there is a lot of oil in it, makes it easier to grill the sides properly. You then just slice up your baguette , put some olive oil and herb mix on it on the sides and slightly toast it, then you just smear the feta on the baguette add some tomatoes, basil and rocket, squeeze a bit of lemon juice on it and bam you got a tasty ass starter that barely takes any time and only an idiot would dislike. You can pretty much do the same with Halloumi but you don't have to bread it.  

I’m on public transport and there’s no available seats except for this “one” that’s occupied by this lady’s purse. I asked her to move it politely but she says it’s too expensive to put on the floor. Normally I don’t give a shit but I was tired from the gym and I think exhaustion made me impulsive so I just plopped myself right next to her, onto her purse. She starts freaking out and yelling and pulls her purse right under my sweaty butt and goes to complain to the driver. Obviously, the driver doesn’t give a shit and the lady comes huffing and puffing back alone demanding I leave the seats. So I just plopped my gym bag right onto the other seat. I normally don’t stand up for myself but I think the obnoxious nature of this lady made me use her moves against her. Do you think It’s an Asshole move?I’ll start by saying we’ve been together for 3 years. We have a great relationship and he’s a wonderful father to our child. The proposal really came out of nowhere. I was in the bathroom getting ready to take our little one to daycare, which we were already running late for. My boyfriend walked in behind me and held a ring up in his hand and just said ‘Will you marry me?’ I honestly thought it was a joke and the ring was simply a gift. I laughed, said yes, put the ring on and left.

When I got home and spoke to my boyfriend, I realized he actually *did* ask me to marry him. I would’ve said yes either way (if it was a joke or not) but I was just left feeling a bit.. disappointed and empty, I guess. I’m not the biggest fan of the ring either. It’s big and chunky and uncomfortable to wear. It was meant to be sapphire to match my birthstone he said, but he ‘accidentally’ got the wrong colour. It’s not my style and it doesn’t suit me whatsoever. We’ve never looked at engagement rings together so he wouldn’t know what I like. I mentioned this to him and asked if he would mind if I bought a smaller ring (with my own money) to wear instead but he got quite offended by that and called me ungrateful. He’s been moody ever since. May I add that the ring he bought wasn’t expensive, so it’s not like he’d be wasting lots of money if I didn’t wear it. (Price doesn’t matter to me.)

I wasn’t expecting a grand gesture or huge proposal.. but a little effort would’ve been nice, not just asking me in the damn bathroom. It’s meant to be a special moment and memory and it’s just.. not. AITA for being upset over this?My boyfriend and I recently bought our first house. I want it to be clean and nice whenever anyone comes over. I don’t think this is too much of an issue? 

A few days ago his parents turned up unannounced and let themselves in. I had just got out the bath and had to quickly run upstairs and get myself dressed as I was in a towel. The house was also messy due to laundry/just moving.

Then today we were cleaning the house ready for someone coming round a bit later and his parents rang to say they are on there way and will be 5 minutes. (They live 30 mins away) My boyfriend told them that we were actually busy due to cleaning and someone coming over shortly could we do another time. His mother then sent him a page long essay on how she understands how it is now and he would be welcome to turn up whenever he wanted to her house and that one day someone won’t be able to wait an hour or whatever to see us and we won’t get the chance to see them again because something might happen to them. She quotes “just remember that” 

Are we being the assholes here? 

I mean this is my house too and if I want to be able to make the house nice before someone comes or walk round the house in a towel or god forbid even naked why should I not be able to because someone may just turn up at my house at any moment? I mean seriously she can come once a day if she wants just please give us some warning. I totally get that she would allow us to come over whenever we want but are we not allowed our own boundaries? 

I love his family but this I just don’t get this. A bit of backstory is needed to explain her mentality. Her father ran an extremely successful construction business that his father left to him in a large city. He regularly was winning multi million dollar construction bids and once he asked his now wife my fiance's mother to marry him he told her to quit her job and that she wasn't going to work anymore.

Now to us, I'm 28, she is 26 and we have been dating for about 3.5 years now. We both have student loan debt up to our eyes and the only reason we have a house is because her father gave her one about 2 years ago. There is no way we could afford a house right now (yay student loan debt and various credit card debt we both have.)

Her family is wealthy and her father is great but he also believes in making your own way, I respect that and am super grateful for what he has done so far with the house and bailing us out a few times when things got pretty bad.

So now to us, I proposed to her 2 months ago and it all was great. Both families like each other and we all get along great. However.. last week my wife to be told me she put in her two weeks notice and is extremely happy to finally be a wife and not work anymore... Uhh what? We had our first major fight right there because we NEED her income to survive especially if we are going to have a kid in a year or so like we plan to.

I'm not on a position like her father was to fully support a family on my income alone, not to mention her debt piled on top of mine. Also if she never planned to use her degree once she got married why did she take all the loans? I also found out she would have ZERO student loan debt if she went to what her father calls a "real school". She went to a local state college because her boyfriend at the time was going to go there even though she was accepted at other schools.

Now I'm not going to argue her Dad's an ass to pay for college at one school and not the other or blame her for wanting to be by a boyfriend at the time and taking student loans to go be by him. That's the past and when you think you are in love or are in love you do some stupid things sometimes.

However I cannot marry her if she honestly just won't work now that she's a wife. I get that it's her mother's kind of fairy tale that happened to her but I'm not wealthy enough to do that. We talked about doing that for 3-4 years once we have a kid because I do believe that a child should always have one parent around and not just daycare/babysitters because daycare is extremely expensive. Then once our kid gets into Pre-K she would return to work part time then full-time once school actually starts.

Now apparently that plan we had is moot and her new plan is to never work again because I popped the question. Not cool and her mom is FULLY behind her decision, the Dad is way more level headed and took me out to drink and told me there will be no bad feelings if I back out because I shouldn't be expected to do that unless I'm in a financial position to do so.

AITA if I give her an ultimatum to work or not get married? I also don't want to get married on the back of an ultimatum, I just don't see that being healthy either.Some context is definitely needed here. I'm 33(M), and my sister is 36. She has one child (14F). I have one son (13). It is also important to add that I am a single father - my wife passed when my son was 7. 

My son is quite gifted (I do not say this lightly). He tops all of his classes and often wins mathematics competitions in our state. I do not tell my sister this on account of me not wanting to seem like I'm bragging or anything - my son's achievements are his and his alone - I just provide him with the love and affection he is entitled to.

So yesterday, my family had a gathering dinner. At previous gatherings, my sister likes to demonstrate how 'special' and praiseworthy her daughter was for quite ridiculous achievements - such as winning 'best dressed' at her school dance.

This gathering, she really made me mad. Not only did she tell everyone the usual so-called achievements of her daughter, but she also targeted my son in front of him. She said, with the entire family present, that I wish my son was as gifted as her daughter. Her daughter proceeded to join in and call my son, who is quite shy, a looser.

I then told her that her daughter was not special at all and that her achievements were absolutely nothing and meant nothing to anyone except for her. She left the table crying.

I was then called an asshole by those remaining on the table. AITA?I have 3 kids Susan (17),  Jessica (mtf for 4 yearts 18), and Matt (21). There's a tradition on my side of the family where the oldest daughter in the family gets a beautiful diamond necklace when they turn 18. Okay, so I was having dinner with my family last night when Susan casually asked me if she could please wear the necklace to her junior prom. I told her she could and joked that it doesn't matter because in a year it will be hers. This is where Jessica chimed in and said, " how come I'm not going to get it? I am the oldest daughter." This made us all quiet and I didn't really know what to say as I've never really thought about it since I always planned on giving it to Susan . After thinking for a few seconds. I told Jessica that I have always planned on giving it to Susan and it wouldn't be fair but since circumstances have changed I am willing to go with you to a jewelry store and get you something equally special.  This did not satisfy Jessica and she got progressively ruder to me. Jessica being rude to me and our fighting led Susan to say some very transphobic things to Jessica (which made her walk off and cry) that  I don't wish to repeat.

I'm at an impasse. My and I really don't think giving Jessica the necklace would be the right thing to do. AITA?My wife has a younger brother (29) who has been in a relationship with his high school sweetheart (who's also a 29 year old male) for about 12 years. I think of both of them as my family, they're my children's uncles, we spend a bunch of time together and we get along great. I recently had a vasectomy, I'm 44, we have 3 kids and we aren't planning on having any more. After one Sunday lunch with our BILs, we sent the kids away and us adults had some drinks and started talking about my vasectomy. At one point, I said how great it was to finally not have to worry about protection, and how great it felt without it. And I said I almost feel sorry for them not experiencing it. My BIL laughed and said: What are you talking about, we haven't used protection since high school.

I was going to reply something, but the kids came running in so I dropped the topic. I later thought about what he said and talked to my wife about it, saying that I don't think it's safe for them to be having sex without condoms, as a couple of gay men, and my wife laughed at me. Apparently, just because they've been together for a long time, it's safe? She told me to drop it and let them live their lives however they want.

I thought it was ridiculous of her to have that reaction to her own brother not using protection and realized she wasn't going to tell them anything about it. So I figured I would buy some condoms and give them to my BILs and tell them I was worried about their safety and that they should really rethink not using protection.

A couple of days ago, we had another lunch together, we sent the kids away again, and I gave them the condoms. I rehearsed a whole speech about how I wouldn't want anything to happen to them and that they should stay safe. But, rather than seeing my gesture for what it was - a gesture of care - they were offended. They asked if I am suggesting they shouldn't trust each other? They said they had never slept with anyone else their whole lives and if they managed to have an exciting enough sex life not to cheat on each other for 12 years, they'll probably manage the same in the future. And my wife's brother also said that, by the same token, I should be continuing to wear condoms despite having had a vasectomy. After shouting at me for 10 minutes, they just left. My wife has been incredibly mad with me and demanded I apologize to them, but I refuse to apologize for caring about their health and safety. I don't see how what I did was THIS horrible. They could have just declined the condoms. And their arguments are ridiculous. So what if they've been together for 12 years? People have cheated on each other after being together for longer than that. 

There are three children, elementary aged, that live on my street, two a couple houses down from me, the other across the street from them. They are constantly running into the road to cross, or after something, or riding some toy down the middle (bike, three-wheeler, scooter). As such I creep down my road past their house to get to mine. Like, 10-15 mph with the clutch in and my foot hovering over the break. 

Well, about a week ago I am creeping along as the kids are riding bikes down the middle of the road. The youngest is in the middle of the road heading for me, but looking behind her to her brother. I realized that she isn’t going to stop so, with cars on either side so I couldn’t pull over, I come to a stop in the middle of the road. 

As I am putting my car in reverse, she turns around and sees me. She swerves around me, and lets out a “Whoa.” I wait for the others to clear the road, and move past and park in my driveway. I was getting out of my car when the girl rides up behind my car. “You almost hit me!”

I calmly told her that no, she almost hit me, and that she and her brother are the reason why I got a dashcam. (There are other benefits, but the kids were my primary motivation.) She didn’t understand, but then asked about my daughter (high school age) and if she was still in school because she’s so old. 

I answered, and went inside thinking nothing more of it. About an hour later there is a hammering on my door. My husband answered to see the girl’s mom. She sees me and starts screaming about how horrible I am that I told her daughter that I got a dashcam because of her and her brother. 

My husband closed the door in her face and locked it. 

I recounted this to a coworker, and they said I’m an asshole for telling the kid the truth even if it didn't bother the kid. I don’t think so because the kids need to learn to have more awareness around the road. So I will accept my judgment.Throwaway because girlfriend knows my account.

Anyways we live together and split cooking duties. I cook 3 nights and she cooks 3 nights and we usually do takeout for the last night. On my days I usually make something simple like a pasta or rice dish, but will do two batches, one vegan for my girlfriend and one with meat/proteins for me.

On my girlfriend’s nights she’ll occasionally do more elaborate properly vegan dishes. I like these a lot but on more simple nights (salad + soup) her food leaves me really hungry/unsatisfied after. So recently I’ve grilled up a small chicken breast, salmon filet, or scrambled some eggs for myself on her cooking nights. Most nights I’ll literally just boil an egg or two.

I didn’t think this was a huge deal since I didn’t ask her to cook any meat for me, it’s just me making a small side dish so to speak. But last week in the middle of one of her dinners (I grilled some shrimp to go with the salad she made) she flipped and called me inconsiderate and ungrateful for altering her meals. She said she’s tolerated me for weeks now but that I’ve been insanely rude to eat meat/eggs/cheese alongside her carefully crafted vegan meals. 

I offered to cook for myself from now on but she said that’s not the point. She wants us to share 100% vegan meals together on her nights without me adding meat as a “cop out.” I feel like she’s being a little unfair but maybe I am for adding meat. AITA?

**Edit:** To everyone asking why I don’t cook additional vegan foods to add to the meals she makes. Honestly on the nights she cooks I usually come home later, exhausted, and in no mood to cook. If I see she’s made the salad/soup meal and I know I’m not going to be full, I just want some simple eggs or some chicken. I know how to make it well, it takes little time, and it tastes really good to me. 

I could make tofu or beans or tempeh, but I don’t like how they taste most of the time and when I get home I’m tired and hungry and just want something easy and tasty. My girlfriend also makes salad/soup on certain nights for a reason (simplicity and ease) so she’s also not willing to jazz up those meals with more vegan proteins.So here's the deal. I'm a lesbian as is my gf. Before we started dating, she already had a girls night established with some of her friends. I have no problem with this in general and kinda like having the house to myself when she goes to someone else's place and it's important to spend time with your friends. The problem is when she hosts. She expects me to leave the house. 

This feels kinda cruel to me for a few reasons. First, I don't really have anywhere to go. I end up going to see a movie alone or something and wandering around until I can come home. At the moment, I don't really have any friends to do things with. Second, I'm a girl too. If the event were simply "no partners" and not "girls night" I'd get it a bit more, but a few of the women in the group dated for a bit and both were and are allowed to go to girls night. This makes it feel just kind of arbitrary that I can't attend if they are in my house, let alone that I have to leave. Third, it is literally my house. I own it. My gf does contribute some financially, so I don't want to minimize her contributions, but I bought the place before we met and being kicked out of my own house does not sit well with me.

So, WIBTA if I refused to leave next girls night?

**Edit**: Wow. Way more comments than I expected. I'm putting up this edit to express my thanks. I've gained a much greater appreciation for how my SO is feeling and I've changed my mind about refusing to leave. This is the women I love wanting a relatively simple thing from me fairly infrequently. As much as I hate going out on weeknights, I think I've been a bit of a stubborn asshole. It's her home too and I don't need to be there all the time.I (53M) have grown increasingly worried about my daughter's (22F) weight. It has gotten beyond the point of merely an aesthetic issue, and I have genuine concerns about her health.

She doesn't live at home, as she recently started graduate school out of town. Our arrangement is that I pay for her tuition and rent, and she has a part time job that covers groceries, utility bills, spending money, etc. This works out well as I am happy to cover these expenses since she is in school. However, she often says that she wishes she earned more money, since she does not have a ton of spending money for leisure activities, clothes, etc.

I have tried to speak to her about her weight, approaching it as delicately as I could. She was actually quite receptive, and I could tell she was a bit hurt but she told me that she knew it was an issue that she should be addressing. However, currently she is not sufficiently motivated to do it, and is busy with her school and part time job so struggles to find time to go to the gym. 

I suggested that if she started going to the gym, I would give her extra money. This is to serve as a motivator, but also for practical reasons as she can pick up fewer shifts at her job and have more time to go to the gym.

The deal is $15 per hour spent at the gym. This is working on an honour system since I trust her, and I did not think it would be appropriate to pay her by pounds lost (could encourage unhealthy eating and so on). My wife thinks this is a "disgusting" idea, but I think I am helping her by replacing her shifts at her job with "shifts" at the gym - and financially compensating this.

So, AITA for paying for my daughter to lose weight?

**EDIT:** A lot of comments about how her diet is the most important thing, rather than exercise. Which is definitely fair. We did also speak about her diet, but her lack of exercise is the facet that had the most clear barrier (lack of time and motivation) which is why that is what I am addressing. Hopefully her diet will improve as well, especially since she should have some extra money in her pockets for more expensive groceries from this arrangement.I am a married woman who was happily married up until a few days ago.  Recently my husband started talking about a new girl at work.  I thought, fine, I trust him, and he has other female friends.  

Soon I noticed the way he talked about her was different.  He seemed really giddy, almost like when we were dating.  It bothered me a bit, partly because she is 19 and I am 36, but once again, I trusted him, so I left it alone.  

Occasionally when he was texting her I would ask what they were talking about, and he gave me vague answers.  

One day I came home and found him talking on the phone with her.  This bothered me.  When he got off the phone I told him how much it bothered me.  I asked to see the messages between the two of them.   He said that they were private.  

He mentioned that the two of them had played a game where they guessed secrets about each other, and he gave his word not to show it to anyone.  I told him I felt this was too intimate of a conversation for "friends" to be having.  

He mentioned that she really didn't want her boyfriend to know they were talking.  Red flags went off in my mind.  I told him he needed to stop talking to her.  He refused, saying he didn't want to lose his friend.  

Eventually I decided to let the boyfriend know that they were talking and sharing secrets.   I figured I would want to know if I were him.  He said she had cheated on him multiple times before, and when he asked her about it she denied everything.   

After all of that, they broke up.  She told my husband to stop talking to her, therefore ending their friendship, and my husband and I are in a weird space now.  Am I the asshole for ruining three relationships?During a long road trip I stopped off with my 4yo daughter for dinner at a family run rest stop type café/restaurant we’ve been to many times before. My daughter is almost 5 and a very gregarious child who talks to everyone she meets.  She also is very tall for her age so could easily be mistaken for 6 or 7 and as a result adults often expect quite a lot from her conversationally and behaviourally.  

She’d been chatting away to a man on his own who was waiting for his takeaway and he while being very nice to her and polite was clearly a bit uncomfortable and kept addressing me instead of her and almost looking to me for reassurance that it was ok to talk to her.  I think he handled it really well and I was more than happy for them to be talking.

A bit later we were sitting at our table and I noticed one of the waiters kept looking over and smiling at her, to begin with I was proud as she’d clearly made a bit of an impression on a few of the staff as it was quiet and she’d been pretty funny.

When he brought the food over though he didn’t acknowledge me at all and said directly to her “do you know you are really beautiful?” She was looking at a game she was playing on my phone at the time and didn’t look up or respond and so he said it again.  I got her attention and said “the man is talking to you” he said it again and she just stared at him so I made her say thank you. 

I was uncomfortable for a few reasons: 

I didn’t like his tone or the look on his face, I’ve seen it before in my 35 years on this planet as a woman

It’s one thing to compliment a child on their behaviour or something but I found his word choice “beautiful” inappropriate

I made her acknowledge him and thank him for a compliment that made me uncomfortable 

&#x200B;

Later on he came back and  brought her a slice of cake I hadn’t ordered for free and (again not acknowledging me at all) told her it’s their secret and not to tell mum.

I feel like I witnessed the first time my daughter was noticed by a creep.  

&#x200B;

AITA or is it impossible for a man in his 50s to talk to a little girl anymore?  

Also did I let her down by making her thank him when I thought he was being a creep?

I’m a single mum but her father who has an active role in her life thinks I should complain to the restaurant.

&#x200B;So, first of all....let me just tell you guys I am ugly. Ugly as ugly can be.
I won the ugliest guy in high school competition 4 years in a row and was relentlessly bullied.
Fortunately college is a lot better. I still don't have any friends but I get to keep to myself and no one bullies me as such. I get to make my own little world and I feel fortunate:)

When I was walking to the library today, an extremely attractive woman started hitting on me. At first I was in disbelief and asked her if she had the wrong person. But she said she would be willing to carry my babies in a joking tone and had a chat with me.
After about 2 minutes and me literally holding back tears because I had never felt so loved in my life, she tells me she was filming a 'fun' YouTube video where she told random guys she would have their babies.
Apparently the channel is pretty popular and people like stuff like this.
I told her I wasn't comfortable with being in the video and that this was harmful and would ruin people's self esteem. She tells me I should feel good because I am 'definitely not the best looking guy on campus' and that they needed 10-15 more people to finish the video.

I was honestly indifferent at the ugly part because I was used to it but this felt like a shitty thing but I didn't want other guys to go through it and cameras were technically not allowed so I reported to the campus authorities about it and they have banned anyone from their channel from shooting videos at our university again.

Honest opinion would be appreciated! Sorry if I made any grammatical errors, I am in a hurry. Thanks for your time guys.

Edit:Thank you to each and every one of you for spending your valuable time to help me, genuinely means a lotMy wife (33F) and I (33m) were at a family dinner at my parents house with my Brother (30m) his wife (29f) and their new baby, the little guy is about 11 weeks old. My mom and her family have always been one to compliment people on their looks and weight, so when my SIL came over with the baby, my mom and Aunt were gushing about how great she looked. She is a fairly active person  and does stay in shape, which is good for her, however, she embarrasses easily and is quite uncomfortable when people talk about her body, she just made a comment on breastfeeding alot and taking walks with the baby.

My wife was sitting next to me, rolls her eyes and starts muttering to me that "I'm sure throwing up your whole pregnancy didn't help either" I gave her a look but didn't comment, she made snide remarks about my SIL the whole night.

On the car ride home, my wife is going on and on about my SIL, how smug she must be to be looking like she does so soon after having a baby, and how full of her self to be putting her appearance before being a mother, and then brought up the vomiting again. 

Now I've known my wife since we were in Junior High, and she's always made comments about other girls like this, always. She's a bit on the bigger side and seems to have a resentment towards thinner women. Anyway, I pointed out that my SIL wasn't making herself sick, but had a condition while pregnant that caused her to be like that (can't think of the name of it). My wife laughed and said she was sure that's what she wanted us to think, and that my SIL has always been about her looks, and that she was surprised the baby wasn't scrawny, considering she can't possibly eat enough to be feeding him.

I got really annoyed and said it was my mom and Aunt that always made comments, not my SIL, and told my wife she didn't have to be so snide. 

My wife went off at me for defending my SIL, and starting asking/ accusing me of finding her attractive. I was so blown away by her melt down that I told her I didn't want to talk to her for the rest of the ride home, she took this as me saying I do find my SIL attractive, I told her no, that I just don't want to deal with her insecurities right now. 

Well, my wife started crying, calling me cruel and  that I don't have to point out the fact that's she's insecure. Still annoyed by her accusations, I told her she doesn't have to tear people down to make herself feel better.

When we got home she went straight to bed and I get a lovely explosion of texts from her friends telling me how much of an ass I am.  I know her feelings are hurt but I don't think she has to make comments about others who have done nothing to slight her other then looking the way they do.

Edit: I love my wife very much and my attraction to her has never changed,  but, like I said, she has always been like this ever since we were kids. I have made comments however in the past about the way she talks about other people and if she ever wanted to talk to someone about it. She would either  laugh at me and say she has said what needs to be said, or get annoyed.  Her mother and sister are actually the same way, but whenever I say anything, they get defensive and say it's just what girls do and that there is no harm to it.

Edit: so my wife came home from work and not gonna lie, I thought it would be worse due to the fact that she works with the women who were texting me, and that today would be a bitch fest about me.

We talked and the first thing she asked me was if I find her attractive, I said I always have, however, her attitude is beginning to wear me down and the only thing I want to apologize for is not having a clear conversation about it sooner, that I do stand by what I said, but that I would be there with her to work out why she feels the need to talk about other women so harshly. She got on the defense again, saying that wasn't an apology and that it constantly feels like my SIL is trying to show her up whenever they are together.  I pointed out that she was doing it again, and she said it was hard for her to believe I want to support her when I don't have her back. I told her me agreeing with her about her comments isn't supportive, and she needs to understand that what she says isn't okay, and that I will no longer tolerate toxic comments about my family. She started crying again saying that that's how she copes with  sometimes feeling unhappy with herself, that most of what she says has truth and that people like my SIL are vein. I recommend we talk to someone about this, she refused. I told her  to take the night to think about what she says, and how she would feel if these things were being said about her, to call me if she needed me, and headed to my mom's house. 

Edit: thank you all for the suggestions and support, it sucks to think about how my wife may feel about herself and how many others (myself included ) might have to deal with their insecurities, but I know that her way isn't healthy or going to fix anything, and I wish I had actually addressed it before it came to her bashing my SIL for being sick while pregnant. I'm also very sorry for all of you that went or are going through that sickness while pregnant, I only knew very little from my mom about what was happening with my SIL, and reading about it on here makes me feel even worse that someone I love could make such crude comments about it.My husband and I recently got married and purchased a four bedroom house (the number of bedrooms is important). My husband and his family are originally from Ohio (we live in Utah) and his family has started moving out here for a fresh start. Almost immediately after buying our house his younger brother moved in with us and has been here for about eight months; he’s a great roommate and pulls his weight around the house. About 2 months ago my SIL decided she needed a new start and she moved in with us (also a great roommate) now that my husband and his two siblings are living here his parents decided to move here also. I work from home and keep my home office for myself to get work done. When my in laws asked about moving down here my whole household was thrilled. When I then asked “Who’s giving up their bedroom?” Everyone just went silent. I unfortunately had to pull rank on everyone and put my foot down and say I was keeping my office as of right now no one is speaking to me.



To make some clarifications since I have been asked. 

Yes BIL and SIL Pay rent. BIL is off a divorce and has been talking about moving out “some time this year” he’s a great guy and finally been getting back on his feet.   SIL hasn’t made the best choices in life and currently working on moving up the ranks at her job she handles most of the cleaning and pays about $200 a month in rent. MIL and FIL want to move in until they can find a house but I don’t think they are going to move quickly on looking for said house. Yes, I am a man. 


*Hubs and I just made it clear BIL AND SIL have until September to be out. No in laws moving in.*I dated my ex for 3 years and ended up finding out she was cheating for about half of that time. I broke up with her about 4 months ago and she moved out of my house. I ended up hearing from friends that she was painting me as the bad guy who drove her into the beds of all those guys she cheated with. No one believed her and she ended up isolating herself from the friend group because people really didn’t like the way she handled things as far as cheating and with the break up.

Her parents recently were killed in a bad car accident. It’s a shame, they were very good people. I enjoyed the time I spent around them and they treated me well. They died about 5 days ago. 

My friends have been telling me over the past few days that she was asking about me and saying she wishes she could be with me and talk to me about the loss and apologize. 

I don’t buy the bullshit. This isn’t about her being sincerely remorseful about anything. This is her wanting to manipulate me into emotionally supporting her through this. Her parents dying sucks and I’m sure that’s awful to deal with, but it is firmly her problem, not mine. 

I told my friends this and they said they’d soften it but make sure she knows I’m not the one she should be calling or coming to.

She came over to my house early this morning a mess and crying and apologizing and begging at my doorstep. I thought about what I’d say but everything was going to be needlessly cruel so I just shut the door and she screamed so loud and for so long my neighbors called the police.

I didn’t get in trouble or anything but it was embarrassing and I had to deal with explaining things to them(it sure was fun explaining the context of her saying her parents were dead and crying on my doorstep). 

My standing on this is pretty much that it sucks for her and more for her parents. But this isn’t my job anymore—to deal with supporting her through anything.My wife and I got married on Saturday. We had a small wedding so that we could have an awesome honeymoon and still have savings left. We paid for it ourselves, if that matters. When we mentioned our plans, my parents wanted to come with us and make a family vacation of our honeymoon. I shut that down immediately. But in the last few months they started "joking" about "just showing up" where we were planning to go. Half because of this and half because we found a great deal, we decided to go to another, even cooler, place but didn't tell my parents. Her parents are watching our dogs so we had to tell them how contact us.

Sunday night I get a bunch of texts from my mom, dad and brother wanting to know where we are. Yep, they showed up at the original honeymoon location "as a fun surprise!!" Like, what the actual FUCK? They were pissed that I "betrayed" them by lying and even more pissed that I refuse to tell them where we are now. Somehow they figured out that her parents know where we are and have apparently been pestering them for info. When that didn't work they did apologize, as well as saying that they "forgive me for ruining their first family vacation in a decade." They want to just put this behind us and move on.

But the thing is, I don't want to. I don't want their apology. I want them to never have pulled this shit in the first place. I love my family a lot. I  hurts so bad to think of never speaking to them again. And I know it will hurt them deeply if I cut them off. My mom has anxiety and this will probably cause her to spiral, which my dad and brother will have to deal with. But I just can't deal with this anymore. I just can't keep being the only adult with three adult children needing my constant attention. WIBTA  if I cut my family off over this even though they apologized?

Edit: Thanks to everyone who replied, even the YTAs, Sorry I haven't commented more but, well, honeymoon. I'm reading all the comments through.

Edit 2: They've done stuff like this all my life- shown up on my dates, stopped me going to my best friend's funeral, unpaid debt/bills in my name. They always apologize and then do it again. But they also went into debt when we were kids so that we could have trips and toys.

Edit 3: I think I'll put them in time out for a while, but I"m pretty sure that will make them cut me off for "betrayal"My wife broke her legs a few weeks ago and can’t drive. I’ve been driving her to work, but she’s a horrid, horrid, absolutely terrible backseat(well I guess front seat but that’s not the saying) driver. To the point where until now I just never drove her anywhere, she would always drive if we went together.

She yells and says to stop and threatens to pull the e-brake(she never has, and I don’t think she ever will, but it’s still worrying). I’ve never seen anyone so insane about it. Every day for the past few weeks I’ve told her she has to work on it, but she hasn’t gotten any better.

Two days ago I had had enough and said if she did it again I’d stop driving her and she could Uber or get a friend to drive her. Well she did it again so today I didn’t drive her. I said she could Uber or call a friend. She said she hates Uber so called a friend, and the friend was late picking her up, which made her late to work. 

Apparently she’s been late to work enough that she got fired. I know she’s late pretty often but I didn’t know it was that often. When she got home she was absolutely fuming and yelled at me that she got fired because of me and that I should have just driven her. I told her that her backseat driving is both dangerous and taking years off my life and it’s not my fault she’s been late so many times that the one time it’s “my fault” she gets fired. 

She’s still super pissed. AItA?

Edit: I went to bed and missed some requests for info. My driving is decent at least I’d say. And she broke her legs skiing, not in a car accident, and she was like this before she hurt herself also.Last weekend, there was a bachelorette party for my friend, Becca, who is getting married. Becca had a great time! We all did. 

It was a three night affair, and a male stripper came the last night we were there. Becca’s good friend, Anna, got really into the stripper. I don’t know Anna very well- we’ve only met a few times, but she’s nice and we get along great. Anna is engaged and getting married sometime this winter (haha I don’t know the date honestly). We’re bridesmaids together. 

Anna was even more about the stripper than the bride. When the stripper got naked, so did she. She was basically shoving her boobs at the guy. She licked whipped cream all over him. Etc. Which, you do you boo! She did mention to me her fiancé probably wouldn’t be ok with it. I chuckled awkwardly. Please note that everyone was well aware of the stripper coming and in agreement - it’s not something that was sprung upon anyone! Another bridesmaid (neither me nor Anna) arranged the stripper. 

Last night was Becca’s wedding. The wedding was beautiful. At one point during the reception, I was (drunkenly) talking to Anna, another friend, and Anna’s fiancé. The other friend couldn’t attend the party so we were all recounting our tales and laughing. I was very drunk at this point. I said “and then Anna took her clothes off! You should’ve seven her with the stripper!” Something to that effect. 

Ummm... Anna’s fiancé goes “a stripper?!” Turns out he didn’t know a stripper was coming at all. 

Last I saw them, they were in a VERY heated conversation. :/ I apologized and Anna said “well now [fiance] is ready to call off our wedding so fucking thanks.” She is really upset. I feel bad. My husband said it’s not my responsibility to uphold and remember her lies, especially when I’m drunk. My mom disagrees and says I should’ve been more discreet.

AITA?Brother's wife (SIL) is pregnant with their first child and had a baby shower over the weekend. I was not invited to the shower but my brother sent me a gift registry. I didn't buy anything because I'm not invited so why should I buy a gift? My sil asked me what I got for her on Mon after the shower and I said I'm not getting anything. She teared up and asked me why. I simply said that I was not invited so I didn't think I need to buy a gift. I did buy a congrats on your baby card for them. 

My brother is angry at me and my SIL is apparently really upset. SIL and I don't get along at all so they think I am doing this to be rude and retaliatory.  I think its rude to not invite guests to your baby shower but still expect them to get you a gift. My brother says I'm immediate family so the etiquette rules don't apply and I should not have said it so bluntly to his wife's face. I said I'm happy for him and his wife but I'm not getting a gift for them. Then I hung up.  

The rest of the family aren't getting in the middle of this and are just telling us to sort it amongst ourselves. What do you think? Aita?Some side info: My sister has two children (4yo, 2yo) and is married. For the last 2 years the barely made it to the end of the month and all of the family know they struggle finacially. Me and my partner are doing well financially and have no kids.

Two weeks ago my sister called me and asked me to come visit her, since there was something very important she needed to tell me. When I arrived she immediatly broke down crying, telling me how she was pregnant again and she "doesn't know what to do". She didn't even tell her husband at that point and I was very surprised to be the first person to know, since we're not really close.

Anyway she continued saying that they don't have the means to support another child with all the debt they already deal with. I tried to calm her as much as I could, saying that there will sure be some solution to handle the situation. After a while she told me she looked up how much abortions cost and that even if she wanted to, she could not pay for it at the time.

So I basically offered that if she decides to abort, I would take care of all medical bills coming from that procedure. She asked me if I could afford that, so I told her she does not have to worry. Since I don't use up all my money every month, I'm usually able to put some into savings and it was okay for me to put 2 of my mothly savings into her procedure, if she decides to have it.

She thanked me and told me that she needs time to think about it.

Four days later she asked me to come visit again when her husband is home, so we could discuss how to go about it. I drove there at the same evening. They greeted me and her husband told me that he's really happy that I decided to help them in a tough time like that. She told me how she thought about what I said and she wanted to "accept my offer". However she didn't want the abortion but suggested that I should give them the money for the abortion as well as "a little bit very month since I don't spend all my money anyway". I was pretty much bewildered. I did not offer that. I told them straight forward that I will only give them money for the procedure, but won't be financially supporting them in any other way. Her husband blew up, telling me I'm an asshole for "wanting to pay to kill his child but not supporting them to make it live a good life instead".

I was overwhelmed by the situation and left immediatly after.

My sister texted me the following days relentlessly about how I don't love her if I don't support her decision and how I'm forcing her into the abortion.

They also told the rest of the family which are also firm to believe I'm a massive asshole in the situation, because I don't need "all that money to live and I could easily support them".

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you for your support, I will try to read every comment!Just recently, our local Walmart and Target have begun to ask for receipts as patrons are leaving the store. At first I would oblige. I thought "Whatever, it will only take a few seconds, NBD". But as it happens more and more, I'm starting to realize not everyone is being asked to do this. Often times I'm having my groceries checked against my receipt as I watch multiple people walk right past us.

I thought maybe they were just looking over receipts whenever possible. But one time the "greeter" wasn't busy with anyone else. I watched 4 or 5 shoppers walk right out without a word from her, but as I was about to leave, she asks me aside.

At this point I start thinking, I'm a young male shopping alone, maybe I'm being profiled. So, after she asks politely to see my receipt I respond with "No thanks." and continue out of the store. She looked a little puzzled, but...

Wow, nothing happened. That's an awful lot more convenient than being "nice". So, that's been my default response for the past few weeks. A greeter asks me to provide my receipt and I say "No Thanks/No/Nope/Nah/Maybe next time/etc." with no issues. That is, until last night.

I was on my way home from work, when my roommate asks me to pick up a jar of peanut butter. So, I get to the store, find the peanut butter, ring myself up, pay, and make my way to the doors. As I'm leaving, an older man says "Hold up! Let me see your receipt.", to which I respond "Nah.", and continue on my way. He stands up from his chair, raising his voice just a little, and says "You need to pay for that!", and I respond "I did, have a good night!"

This is when it gets a little weird. He's clearly unconvinced, and begins to yell "YOU HAVE TO SHOW ME YOUR RECEIPT!" while following me out into the parking lot. I stop, turn around, and say "I paid for this, it's my property now, transaction complete". He just gets even angrier, demanding that I show him my receipt, yelling "You have to pay for that" and "You have to show me your receipt" non stop.

Eventually I make it to my car, which he proceeds to stand in front of. Now, he's saying he's going to call the police, yadda yadda. I roll down my window and tell him "That's fine, you can call them, I don't mind. Can you get away from my car?", and he responds "Like hell I will!" while slamming his hands onto the hood of my car.

At this point I just want to go home. I look around my car and there are no people or cars anywhere nearby. So I quickly reverse my car away from him, and high tail it out of there.

After recounting this story to my roommates, they said I was a total prick about it. They think that since it would have only taken a second to confirm that I paid for the peanut butter, that means I should have just shown him my receipt and been done with it. 

But I think that's bullshit. These stores shouldn't operate on the assumption that I'm a thief by default.

So, what does reddit think. AITA?I have two other siblings. One younger brother, one older sister. My sister and I are teenagers, 14 and 16. My brother is 8. Our parents are divorced and were in custody of our mom. We go to dad’s on weekends and he’s nice.

I had a brother passed away in the hospital december 16th 2018, and he was an adult. that’s all the information I’m comfortable giving about him.

Ever since then, my mom has been in her bed, upset, only coming out to the bathroom and having her food brought to her. My sister and I go to bring her, her food and turn out her lights. 

She doesn’t talk much and but when she does it’s quietly and to tell us to do something. Only when we’re in her room though. Routinely, we give her breakfast and dinner. My sister doesn’t leave her lunch, only a sandwich on her desk side to encourage her to get out of bed and make herself a decent lunch.

My sister works to help us, and our dad has stepped in with more money for the bills. We take the bus to our school, we all go to the same one.

Recently I had an argument with my sister while at my dad’s on a Sunday. I told her that our mother needs to change, and asked if she even loved us. She told me that our mother lost a son, I said that she had others and we lost a brother.

*EDIT:* I understand that a child’s death is painful. That’s why I’m asking. 

*EDIT 2:* Nobody really brought up therapy for her, I’ll try and suggest it but I’m not sure how it’ll get paid by our dad and sister alone.

*EDIT 3:* “I had a brother”. My 8 year old isn’t the one that died.I work in an office where I’m one of the youngest and lowest level employees along with two others. 
Being one of the low level staff I get asked to do a lot of admin/odd jobs that aren’t anything to do with my job role. 

This has never really bothered me while I was the only one at my my level & being the youngest (22) and hypothetically the fittest, however, a few months ago my work hired two girls my age at my level.

I initially thought great someone to share the load of “crap jobs” with so I can focus more on my actual work. Boy was I wrong 

Whenever it came time to lift a box or screw in a lightbulb I was always the only option,they aren’t allowed to lift a finger and my boss justifies it as “being a gentleman”

Which to me seems like bullshit 
I don’t expect them to be able to do everything, there are some boxes I can hardly lift but they could at least help with the small ones or the other jobs. 

I’m not the strongest either and coupled with the fact I have never had any manual handling training I have done my back in a few times which would have been easily avoided by sharing the job with someone else. 

So anyway we had our annual staff review this week and I decided to ask what the deal was and whether I could split the work. 

I first said that i felt lower than everyone else and I felt it unfair that I was the only one asked to do these jobs despite there being two others at my level.
My boss couldn’t comprehend this.
He said “you dont expect the girls to do this do you?” To which I said “yes and I find it quite sexist”

You might expect my argument to have been that they were being sexist towards women by saying they can’t do something, actually I went the other way and said they were being sexist towards me for giving me less favourable and harder jobs for being a male

To an old conservative man in England, any notion being “p.c” must be like a slap round the face and he basically laughed me out the door 

I don’t really know what I’m gonna do next tbh

Edit for context: 
This is a relatively small office (30staff) with no HR department, if you have a concern you have to go straight to the bossLink to my original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/dos259/aita_for_telling_my_8_year_old_he_cant_go_trick/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf


I’ve had people message me over the course of the last couple weeks asking for an update, enough so that I decided to just make an updated post.

My daughter whose costume got destroyed got to pick out whatever she wanted at the Halloween store and she had a blast. I stuck by my decision to have my son stay home, explaining to him very carefully why. My husband took our daughters out while he stayed home with us. He helped hand out candy, we watched Goosebumps which he thinks is the greatest horror movie of all time, and I think he enjoyed Halloween despite his punishment.

In regards to him being mean to his little sister. We brought it up to his therapist that he cut up her costume, and she said we did the right thing by not allowing him to go trick or treating and that we showed my daughter that her feelings matter. She also suggested we bring my daughters specifically my youngest to therapy with him and maybe they can hash it out in a non biased environment. I started doing that the following appointment and I think it’s slowly working. His birthday is coming up on the 27th of November so I think we think perhaps maybe have a Halloween themed party and go trick or treating in our house.

So kind of a boring update but it was asked for, so.

Edit: (sorry mods I hope this is ok)  his birthday party was just an idea, but you all are right, that would show his punishment was temporary and his actions don’t have consequences. My son is not a monster despite some messages that say he is. I want all my children to be loved and thrive as happy and compassionate people.
My parents are pretty well off, they live in a suburban area where it's pretty expected to "keep up with the Joneses" and show off with nice cars, spending a lot on a house and on entertaining, designer clothes, etc. But they don't have a lot of savings and that stresses me out.

Anyway, I am kind of the opposite. I'm living in an area that's kind of rough right now, driving an old truck, but it's close to my work and it's close to my friends places. I'm saving a lot doing all this. I've paid off my student loans already and I'm saving for a house.

My parents wanted to come visit the city I'm living in, and I said I'd host them at my apartment. But I said to leave the luxury cars behind and take the older sedan that they'd been using as a driving-instruction car for me and my siblings. And I told them to not leave any valuables in the car, instead bring their things inside my apartment. And also, don't bring a large purse or backpack and don't talk to strangers who approach you because they might try and pickpocket you. 

So my parents showed up in their 2018 porche and my mom steps out with a huge designer handbag that doesn't close except for a small snap closure on top. And I'm frustrated they didn't listen but I tell them to come inside, being their things in, and I lend my mom a smaller handbag of mine.

We went out for dinner and when we come back, their car's been broken into. And my dad is freaking out because a bag of his things was stolen. I was frustrated because I'd said to not bring a flashy car and to not leave things in the car... But we go file a police report and that takes up most of the night.

I got snappy at my parents that night for not listening to one of the things I'd said; bringing their flashiest car when I'd said that was a bad idea, etc.

And they got mad at me for having said that they probably won't see their stuff again. 

AITA? I didn't mean to make this trip such a messThrowaway account for obvious reasons as my wife uses Reddit but not this sub.

I know how that title sounds but please bear with me for a minute.

My wife(32f) and I(33m) have been together for 10 years in October and married for 6 of those years. She comes from a... broken home to say the least. Her mother was a drunken alcoholic and her dad was never there, she has one brother and he's a junkie as well. Her life growing up was not easy and I will always respect her for rising above all of that and persevering through it all.

Now onto my problem. My wife has an issue with *any* substance that can get you high or drunk and understandably so. She made this clear after about 2 years of us dating when she told me about her family. Now this I have no issue with, I asked her if me having a few beers socially would be an issue and she said no.

Cut to the last few years and her anger to booze has become *much* more apparent. She claims my drinking 2 beers after working a stressful day makes me an alcoholic. Now if I was drinking every day she may have a point but I have maybe 3 beers a week at most and *maybe* once a month I may go to my buddy's place and play overwatch and have a few more. I don't get drunk by any stretch at my friend's place but just a good buzz and uber home. I have only ever been legitimately drunk 3 times in our relationship, NONE of which she was around for and only ever heard second hand. I like to think I'm respectful about it; I keep my beer in the minifridge in the basement, I don't drink in front of her and at her request I don't talk to her at all when I have those few beers on a friday.

I have in the past quit drinking because she asked me to. Last time I quit for 2 years just because. Quitting is never an issue for me but her badgering me and claiming I'm an alcoholic *all the time* finally caused me to snap at her and tell her that just because her mother was an alcoholic doesn't mean I am. I told her that her extreme hatred for it is causing more issues for me than anything else in my life at this moment. She will literally go from the most sweet person to a completely passive aggresive person in one second when she realizes I bought a 6 pack for the next 2 weeks. The obvious answer is to just quit which would be fine but sometimes I just like to unwind after work you know? I don't get trashed on a regular and I don't let alcohol get in the way of my life so I'm at a loss. If she said "it's me or the booze" then I would 100% pick her but my issue is that her problem with alcohol isn't rational and it's not *me* she has an issue with but instead her issues with her mother.

We go out enough and we both hang around with people who drink and she has no issue with them so here I am wondering if I'm an asshole. I feel after a few years of her yelling at me I was justified in getting a bit upset but her friends are calling me an asshole.I (18M) have a really close friend (18F) who has recently started faking a british accent, it's so clear to everyone that it's fake. Honestly it makes it hard for me to do anything w/ her because people notice right away. Parties? Fake accent. Class? Fake accent. Talking with friends? Fake accent, everyone can tell it's fake, and they always question when she started faking her accent or question if it's actually real.

The final straw was when I invited her over for dinner w/ my parents and she tried using it on them. They instantly noticed and looked at her and then me. It was so embarrassing and the rest of the dinner was them asking when she started using a fake accent, and her pretending to be oblivious "*whut are yew tawlking abowt?*".

I have been trying to ignore her, but my parents and her parents are really close, and they've helped us financially when we have been unstable, so they told me to suck it up.

I was hanging out with her one day, and she was doing her fake accent. I started talking to her back in an australian accent, and every time she asked me what I was doing I said "mate, I dont know what your talking about mate...dingo dango mate."

She hasn't really been doing it around me, but I kinda feel bad now. I just wish she would go back to being the "normal" her that I grew up with. AITA?My dad and his wife "eloped" and got married when I was 14. I found out days later that my stepbrothers were present at the wedding. My father didn't get me because he knew it would cause a big fight with my mom.

I can confidently pinpoint this exact incident for my relationship with my dad becoming very icy. I was extremely close to him before this.

I saw it as a huge slap in the face and I never viewed my dad the same since. It's also affected my relationship with my stepbrothers and stepmother.

To his credit, my dad did recognize that he really fucked up and has tried over and over to fix our relationship but it's never really worked.

I still went for my visitation and  never disrespected him and his wife. But I made it very clear that I wasn't really a part of his family.

My father came to my graduation a few years ago and broke down in tears and apologized again but I just simply can't bring myself to start caring about him. I said everything was fine and moved on.

I'm now getting married in September. I love my fiance and I'm very happy with my life.

My father texted me the other day saying that he can't wait to walk me down the aisle.

But I would like my stepfather to do that instead. And honestly, I would rather my father not come to the wedding at all just to avoid any drama about the whole walking down the aisle thing.

And also, maybe he'll finally understand how I felt all those years ago.

AITA?So about a month ago I met a girl in a coffee shop. We talked for a bit, exchanged numbers, and have gotten coffee a couple of times since then and have texted and what not.

My company was offering tickets to Game 6 of the Caps/Hurricanes series in NHL hockey for extremely good value. I have recently gone through a breakup of my girlfriend of five years and I'm really starting to like this girl so I decided to invite her to the game on a date. I tried to make this pretty apparent - it was meant to be a date. She agreed and said hockey is actually one of her favorite sports. At his point I'm super excited.

Well I get to her place to pick her up for the game, and she comes out with a male "friend". She hops in the backseat with him and I am completely blown away. Not sure how to question her, I simply say "I thought we were the only ones going, I only have two tickets."

Her: "Oh I didn't even think about it. This is my friend \*whatever\*, he wants to go too so I thought I would invite him."

Me: "That was nice of you, but I still only have two tickets. I can only take two people."

Her: "You can't find another ticket? I may have to stay home if that's the case."

At this point I was confused and frankly outraged. She had to have known the tickets were rare and not cheap - even if I got them at a great value. I kind of lost my cool and told them both to get the fuck out of my car - just with a few more words than that.

I sped off and went to the game by myself. It was a fantastic experience, but unfortunately that encounter is literally all I could think about. I still can't believe it happened.

This morning I texted her to lose my number and blocked her. If her intent was to just bring a friend, maybe I was too harsh. That being said, I really wonder if they were actually just friends. Maybe she thought we were just friends and it wasn't actually supposed to be a date? Just sucks because I really thought she was interested in me - I sure was in her. Too good to be true I guess.


INFO: Since some of you asked for additional info regarding how I asked her and what I said specifically.

I started by asking her if she was busy on Monday (the night of the game). She said she had nothing planned. I then asked if she was interested in going to the game. My exact words were: “I can get us tickets at work if you are interested.”

She replied with “omg yes!” And thats when she told me she loved hockey. I also suggested dinner but then realized we wouldn’t have time before the game so she said we could just get food at the game. Sounds like a date to me.

As far as what I said in the car, once she said she would rather stay home than not go with her “friend”, I said “Alright then. That’s kind of shitty of you. Guess you’re not going, get the fuck out of my car.”

She laughed and they both got out and I went on my way. Nothing really more than that.

Just a massive kick to the nuts when I spent money on expensive tickets and was very excited to go with this girl just to have her basically make me go alone. It came out of nowhere and at no point in our prior get togethers did she hint that she wasn’t interested in me. I mean we had the whole night planned out pretty clearly.

EDIT: For what it’s worth, I’m thinking maybe she just lost interest in me and thought this would be an easy cop out. Tip to anyone: If you aren’t interested in someone, tell them. Had she texted me days before the game and said “Im not going to be able to go, Im just not interested. Have fun.” I would’ve said “Well that sucks, but I’m glad she was honest.” I would’ve found a friend to go with.

But to cop out like she did was brutal and just downright shitty.AITA So my mom has always been some what (okay a lot) of an authoritarian style parent.  There were a lot of time growing up where I didn't agree with her about something but was not allowed to voice that. And honestly even now, there are some of those times.

I love my mom, she's the strongest person I ever met.  But because of this I have never shared much of my personal life with her.  I try to open up more now, because I want an open relationship with her.  And, to her credit she has tried a lot harder to be less strict but she's still her own way.

Well because of this I have made it a point to involve my son in our lives as much as makes since given his age etc.  he has always been given a voice.

Okay so let's get the background over... I'm a single mother to a 5 year old boy with several allergies. Some severe and some mild.  Including an array of food allergies. My mother babysits him while I am at work.  This generally means she is feeding him about one meal a week by my request, and sometimes he gets junk or treats there too.

Well recently my mom was feeding him and the other kids (cousins) some dinner which happened to be cooked with an ingredient my son is allergic to.  It's complicated to explain the nature of that particular allergy but while he will likely not die from it, he is still usually caused a bit of discomfort when he eats it.  Hives, itchy mouth, etc.  Typically if it is cooked and he gets some, it's okay. But he has reacted to cooked too. So even though his epipen isn't for that specific food, we avoid it.  Basically he *can* eat it and not die but really shouldn't and he and I have decided together he won't. 

Well mom told him he had to eat his dinner or he was going to be in big trouble.  When he said no again she told him he was grounded from
Screens all night until he cleaned his plate.  My son's reply was "Fine. I don't care how much trouble I'm in I am NOT eating that.  You can't make me."

Well of course my mom was livid when I got there to get him.  And she had told me he has to apologize before he can come back.

I told her that I can't make him do that. I have taught him from day 1 that he can refuse to eat any food he's allergic to. No adult can make him poison himself. And I will 100% back that up.  

Now mom is saying we are both AH's and need to apologize to her.  That she knows which foods he is deathly allergic to and which ones are "fine as long as he has antihistamines if he gets hives." 

So, AITA? And was my son holey-jr? 
My fiance and I have been dealing with a conflict with my parents for just over a year now. 


My fiance is on the Autism Spectrum, so sometimes has difficulty with social etiquette, relationships, body language etc. 

My family has been aware of this for years, even before we started dating. 

They take a lot of issue with him, even back when we were in high school. Him and my dad argued about the name of a restaurant and my dad called him an arrogant asshole for insisting he was wrong. 

More recently, an incident occurs where my fiance tries to have a discussion with my parents about a book that his mom (who is a parenting author) just released. My dad felt offended by this and thought that my fiance meant they were no good at parenting. He went on to yell at the both of us, swearing and calling my fiance names including "retard" (which he took offense to given his diagnosis. My father knows this)

They both sort of didn't address it again but we asked for an apology. We did not receive it. Rather, we got several texts that were aggressive in nature from my dad, and guilt-trippy messages from my mom to just move on from it. 

A few weeks ago, my sister made a post on social media holding her friend's baby. My fiance commented jokingly "Is it yours". Now, I know it was a joke and sometimes he doesn't understand that jokes can have "wrong" audiences and jokes can be badly timed. My parents didn't give him that grace and sent us messages about how his behaviour seems to be reckless and potentially dangerous and the comment was shameful. My mom's message said they did not give their blessing for my engagement. My father's text said the same thing but also included "Are you really trying to tell me that boy/man with all his mental deficiencies is really good for your life??? That's a tough sell my dear." 

I chose not to respond because I felt like it was aggressive.

Today I sent a message to my mother to convey my thoughts and make some things clear to her. In it I said that if they didn't give their blessing, they shouldn't expect an invitation to our wedding. 

In some ways I feel unsure about this. My sister recently told me that I'm being disrespectful to them and I should be grateful that they gave me a great life.

I know the whole saying "family is family" but I can't help but wonder, where's the line? When is it ok to say NO, you won't put up with it anymore? 

AITA for saying they won't be invited?.Let me just start off and say I think cheating is deplorable.

I have two brothers, John (28) and Matt (25).

Around three years ago, our family exploded when it came out that Matt was having an affair with John's fiance. A fiance who was 6 months pregnant. Matt turned out to be the father.

John was understandably humiliated and angry. I was fully on his side.  I was disgusted with Matt and the fiance.

Here's my issue though. At John's insistence, Matt has pretty much been excommunicated from our family. He isn't allowed at any gatherings where John is. And John purposely makes sure he is at every one. 

Matt married John's ex-fiance and are raising the 2.5 year old together.

To this day, Matt's wife is referred to as a whore and the baby is called a bastard. Only by John but in our family's presence. He hates them with a passion even today.

My parents have really struggled with this but have agreed to follow John's rule of no contact with the wife or baby. Even contact with Matt is done in secret.

Matt has been kicked out of our family business because John can't be in the same room as him. All photos of Matt have been hidden in the family home. No gifts have been given to Matt's child at all.

Am I absolutely crazy to think that three years of this is enough? 

Matt is clearly remorseful and has apologized many times in tears. He clearly regrets hurting our brother.

I can understand that John is absolutely hurt and it must've been the most painful betrayal.

But I still love both my brothers. Matt did a shitty thing but how much more does he need to be punished?

My poor parents have been broken hearted for the past three years because of this. They have confided in me that they are willing to forgive Matt and move on and regret letting it get this far. We were such a tight knit family before.

But I'm really worried that suggesting forgiveness with John will cause a massive fight and he'll make us choose between them. I also worry about his mental health.

There also the innocent child in this. He deserves a relationship with his grandparents and his aunt.

I have recently been visiting Matt and his family. They are clearly struggling with the isolation. His wife broke down and apologized as I held my nephew for the first time. My heart tore in two.

AITA for wanting to bring them into our family again and forgiving them? There is family reunion coming up in a week and I want them to attend.This is a question for both myself and my partner - are we the assholes?

My partner and I got engaged several months ago. When we just started dating in our early twenties, we referred to each other as boyfriends. Now that's we're over 30, we mostly switched to partners. We do still occasionally refer to each other as boyfriends, but despite being engaged, we have never called each other fiance.

For some reason, people from both his and my family as well as some friends go fucking insane any time they hear us use anything that isn't "fiance". People have given us all sorts of reasons for why this is wrong: it's lying because we aren't just boyfriends, we're fiances, and that's a higher level; it's diminishing the importance of an engagement; it's diminishing the importance of marriage; we're diminishing and disrespecting each other. We have even been told by one person she doesn't view our engagement as serious because we refuse to use the term fiance, and she jokingly suggested that once we send out the invitations, she won't rsvp as attending until she hears us use the "correct" word. (Boy is she going to be surprised when she finds out we'll be inviting 23 people, none of which are her.)

The more people demand of us to use the word fiance, the less we want to do it. It's gotten so annoying, that we decided we'll go down a notch and start calling each other friend or lower. My friend, my dear colleague, buddy, room mate and so on. Finally, the straw that broke the camel's back was "friends with benefits". We were having lunch with our family at our place. I was telling a story about how I recently met someone who knows my partner, and when we realized we both knew him, I told her he's my partner. Then, my SIL and MIL made that annoyed sound, and my sister said HE. IS. NOT. YOUR. PARTNER. To which I said, oh yes, sorry, my *long-term friend with benefits*.

Our mothers and sisters were appalled (I don't know what they thought, that we were saving ourselves for marriage for 11 years?), my brother had a problem with me using that expression in front of his 2.5 year old son who can't even pronounce my name yet, let alone something like "friends with benefits", and the only person who enjoyed the joke was my father who snorted with laughter and made my mother even angrier. All the women in our family have reached the consensus that we're asshole who are purposely trying to hurt them by making such "nasty jokes" and that it was high time to act like adults.My husband and I just got into (another) fight because his best friend who comes over every Wednesday is (again) staying the night. 

My husband and this friend have had a Wednesday night “date” where the guy comes over to our house to “jam” every week for the last two years, and I’m getting to the point that I want to hit the guy over the head with whatever is closest at hand every time he is around. 

Buckle up. This is probably going to be a long one.... if you make it through all of this you are my hero. 

At first he was supposed to come over just for a few hours on Wednesday nights to play guitar with my husband while I was at work. Over time I have stopped working late Wednesday’s but the jam session continues. Which was fine. However, for the last year they have barely touched the guitars and instead the guy just comes over to get high (on pot). Neither my husband or I get high with him (I don’t enjoy pot and my husband isn’t much into it either, but we aren’t morally against it so we didn’t say anything early on when we should have). 

Now that he is always high here, he NEVER leaves at the end of the night. Just expects to sleep over. But he doesn’t have a regular sleep schedule so instead of sleeping while we are, he is wandering around our house all night (in his boxers) making noises, watching tv, getting nonstop text alerts from other friends and ect. This always wakes me up and I have to pass by him on the way to the bathroom. At these points he always has demands. Like: “I want to watch this random movie your husband said you had. Find it for me.” Or “you need to change your litter box right now, because your cat just pooped and I can’t stand the smell.” He always says he’ll leave when my husband goes for work at 8am, but then complains that he couldn’t sleep until 6am, so he ends up sleeping until mid day. At which point he just decides to stay until my husband gets home from work and then the whole thing starts over again. What’s supposed to be one night a week often turns into at least two every week. 

On top of never leaving, he has started showing up HOURS before my husband gets off work on Wednesday’s. My husband has told him “my home is your home” so he just comes right in. This wouldn’t be a problem if he could self entertain. But no. He comes in and will just walk into our bedroom (where I’m hiding) sit down on the bed, take a hit of his shit, and start talking to me through whatever I’m doing/watching on tv. 

Every time he is here he eats A LOT of our food (gets the munchies, plus regular meals) but never once has had the courtesy to bring anything of his own, or to share, or to replace what he is eating here. He just goes into our fridge and pantry and eats whatever he wants because my husband told him our home was his. 

My husband is always begging me to be nice and not say anything while he is here because he is lonely and needs friends.... except he has his other best friend living with him, and is constantly going on weekend trips all over the country to visit his other friends.  Not to mention those nonstop text message alerts all night. 

Dealing with this guy is like hanging out with a 17 year old stoner non stop. He farts and burps as loud as possible wherever. Whenever. Is demanding and needy, but completely rude at the same time. Saying things like “dude! You actually made your house look SORTA nice this week.” (As I was prepping for Christmas), and “so you do sometimes make an effort on your looks” (when I had gone somewhere nice and come home with makeup on). He also complains non stop about the food I make (yet eats it all anyway). 

This year for my birthday we couldn’t afford to get any gifts, so I asked my husband instead to line up his days off so we could spend four days just us together...... then this guy broke up with his girlfriend and my husband begged me to let him come over just for a bit on the first evening. Que TWO full weeks of him not going home, and demanding all of my husband’s time. I spent “our time” and my birthday, holed up in our room alone. 

Then, Christmas comes. I had invited my whole family to our house and tried to make things extra special because it was the first time I got to see my parents on Christmas in more than ten years. This guy’s mom had just moved to another state BUT this guy has plenty of money and no job to work around so he could have easily made the trip to her for Christmas. But he didn’t. Then his other friend/housemate also went out of town and he threw a “woe is me, I’m all alone one Christmas Eve, no one loves me” tantrum until my husband invited him to our house. He shows up. Gets high. And is a complete ass to everyone. Then throws a fit when he decides to sleep over because he has to sleep on the couch in a sleeping bag (my family were in the other beds.) the next morning we sit down to breakfast and he lets out this HUGE stinky fart right at the table like it’s nothing, then proceeds to dish himself up 90% of the food and just generally be a douche. My family was flat out disgusted by him and his behavior and couldn’t wait to leave. He stayed for three days. 

I feel like an ass hole because he is my husband’s best friend and I don’t want to make them not hang out, and honestly he hasn’t done anything truly terrible. He’s just annoying as shit. I fucking dread every Wednesday, and then I’m super irritated the whole time he’s here. Which I hide from him, at my husband’s request, but then my husband and I always end up fighting over him not leaving at the end of the night. 

I’m honestly one or two Wednesday’s away from homicide with this guy, and all this I’ve told you is just the tip of the iceberg. 

If you’ve made it this far, please tell me AITA for being upset at my husband for letting this guy stay over again tonight, and wanting a substantial break from his best friend? 



TL;DR My husband’s best friend is a rude stoner who never leaves. AITA for not wanting him to come over for a LONG time? 








Thank you all for your overwhelming response!! I haven’t been able to reply to all of you, but I want you to know I’ve read every post and I appreciate all of your opinions (even the ones calling me a shrew) and your great advice! 

Some clarification and an update: In case you weren't already sick of reading all this >< 


Clarification 1: As some have pointed out, there isn’t much of an action here for me to ask AITA about. I’m sorry I didn’t make it clearer originally. The question is am I unreasonable and being an Ass Hole for wanting a break from having this friend over. My husband and I fought over this last night and he feels I’m being overly upset and needlessly irritable at said friend. You’ve already read how I feel about it. 


Clarification 2: This post, admittedly doesn't give much positive about the friend. His friend has been in my husband’s life since he was in grade school, and while the friend is over they do actively chat, watch movies, and generally hang out while I actively hide and feel irritated. All this stuff for sure could look like an exaggeration if it all happened in the last few days, but this is sorta my laundry list of the last two years of grievances which have been building up over time. On a regular Wednesday he is just stoned, flatulent, and childish, which while annoying, isn’t really actively douchy. He has done some very nice things for my husband, such as paying to take him to some very expensive concerts so that they could both nerd out over their favorite guitar players Live. I -clearly- don’t like the guy, but my husband gets a lot of enjoyment out of their friendship and I’m not saying that has to stop. Just that -I- need a break. Also, my husband DOES have other friends, they just have lives so he only gets to hang out once every few months with them. He is also in a band with other friends whom he sees regularly every Monday night. 

Clarification 3: My husband doesn’t see a problem with how he speaks to me because according to him “the guy just has poor social skills, that comment about your makeup was a compliment.”

Clarification 4: He smokes a vape style pot pen, not a physical bud, which has less residual scent and is why my husband told him he could do it in the house. Before he started using I was ok with him. He still had poor manners, but he wasn’t nearly as bad as he is now, and he never spent the night (or longer). Back before the pot I even enjoyed hanging out with the two of them every so often. Oh and I KNOW my husband occasionally also imbibes with him, which isn’t something that makes me mad. He doesn’t go overboard like his friend. 

UPDATE: When I woke up this morning I noticed that my phone was buzzing…. And buzzing…. And buzzing…. As all these awesome comments kept pouring in. I have never really had much success on Reddit, so when I looked and saw how many comments there were I said “Oh My GoD!” Of course my husband asked what was wrong and I said “I told the internet the story of ***** and asked if I was the ass hole for what we fought over last night.” He said..”Oh” and that was it. BUT then on his way out of the bedroom he said “I’m going to get him up”, and by the time I was dressed and out of the room they guy was out of the house and driving away. Hallelujah!!! 

Forty minutes later when he got to work I received a text message telling me how I was his best friend and that he loves me more than the world ect. Then we texted back and forth and he said “I really feel like we both contribute to it. I feel like you are overly grumpy on things pertaining to *****. But at the same time, I invite him to come up extra days, or stay the night without running it by you. I feel we could both do better and relieve a lot of stress and frustration. Do you agree?”  

He then called a few minutes later and I told him that I know I’m grumpy but I feel like it’s reasonably so. I also told him I didn’t want to force them not to be friends just that -I- needed a break from the friend. Then I gave him some possible solutions such as hanging out at his house every other week, or have a set time that the guy needs to stop smoking in order to drive home later (thanks guys! Great suggestions!) and he agreed to consider other arrangements with the hang out time so that I could have some time away from the friend, and we agreed to talk more about it when he is off work tonight. Although I can tell he STILL isn’t seeing a problem other than my attitude : / 

Again thank you to everyone who has commented! 







TL;DR My husband’s best friend is a rude stoner who never leaves. AITA for not wanting him to come over for a LONG time? 
I will admit, I was never the best father to my oldest son, Josh. When he was little, I was an alcoholic and fought with his mother constantly. Never anything physical, but he grew up with a lot of yelling and arguing and unfortunately finding me passed out in a drunken stupor many times. When he was about 5, I had an affair with another woman which eventually lead to a child being born. I ended up leaving my wife and starting a family with her and the child I had with her, Ben. It was then when I found god and got sober. Got a good job opportunity and moved a few states over. I tried to see Josh as much as I could, usually a few times a year and some holiday’s. My ex-wife was nothing but supportive about him visiting me, I just wish I could have done it more. My ex remarried a few years later to a nice man, and I know he and Josh got very close over the years.

For Christmas when Josh was 15, he came to visit me, my wife and his brother. It was then he had came out to me as gay – and I did not react the way I should have. At that point in my life, I had found Christianity and it was tethered to keeping me sober – and unfortunately I bought into a lot of the anti-gay sentiments my local church used to preach. I don’t visit that church anymore. For about two years we cut contact but I came to realization that I was wrong and I begged my son for forgiveness. He forgave me and we tried to regain the father/son relationship, although the distance being a few hours away didn’t help. We still would only see each other a couple times a year.

My son is now 21 and for this last Father’s Day, he surprised his step dad with a legal name change, changing his last name to match his step father’s. When I heard this, my feelings were crushed. He had not even contacted me for Father's Day. I knew that he and his step dad were close but I didn't think he would ever change his name. The next time I saw him, I asked him about it – why he didn’t at least give me a heads up. He told me that while he does forgive me for my past actions; he does not see me as a father figure and that his step father was always there for him. When I mentioned that he now didn’t have the same last name as his brother, he said he didn’t really care about that as he and his brother admittedly are not close.

I was crushed and angry. I contacted my ex and told he how upset I was with this and how I would have appreciated a heads up from her. She said she had nothing to do with his decision and that he came to her having already decided to change his name. I feel really bitter and resentful; I don’t even know where my relationship with my son will go from here now. I know I wasn’t the best father but I don’t know if I really deserve this? I feel like I should have had a heads up he was changing his name, instead of hearing about it after the fact. AITA here?

&#x200B;

**EDIT**: Reading the replies has really opened my eyes. My anger and resentment is misplaced and is coming from a place of complete guilt. I'm not angry or resentful of my son, I'm angry at myself for my past actions but my ego is making it feel otherwise. I'm currently writing a letter to my son's step father thanking him for being there for my son. I'm also going to apologize to my ex for blaming her for this because that was not right. I never brought any of this up to my son - after he gave me his explanation I stayed quiet. I know I've been a terrible father for most of his life - I hope even if he doesn't see me as a father figure, we can have a good relationship as an adult. He is a very thoughtful and forgiving person and I'm lucky he has given me multiple chances after many many screw-ups to still be apart of his life. I'm not going to mess it up again. Thank you, Reddit.Daughter and SD are 14&15 respectively. Wife and I have been married for 10 years. 

So my late wife( she died fighting cancer )and I invested our money and decided to set up something like a trust fund for our daughter. Most of what my late wife inherited from her parents also went to this fund. All of this money is supposed to go to my daughter provided she meets some requirements. 

On the other hand, my wife and her ex husband have nothing saved up for my stepdaughter. She asked me if I would add my SD as a recipient because the sum is quite large. I told her that my late wife contributed a lot to the fund and she wanted it to go to my daughter. She's upset because I'm being biased now. I think this is something which was planned a long time ago, even before I met my current wife. Also, it was something my late wife put a lot of effort into. WIBTA here?

Edit: Edited ages. My daughter was 6mo old when her mother passed away.

Edit2: We all agreed that my wife and her ex would pay for SD's college. I'm totally responsible for all her day to day expenses and other miscellaneous stuff, but not long term investments. We were always clear about that part.

Edit3: Yes, the bio dad is in the picture and he has visitation rights. He is a good dad who really loves his daughter and I respect him. He is not deadbeat.Hi everyone, I'm using a throwaway, and I just want to hear other views on this. (I have 2 cats that I got 4 and 5 years ago, respectively. Hence the username)

My wedding is scheduled for Saturday, February 15. I am 28M, my girlfriend is 26F. My brother is 26M, and I (obviously) invited him to my wedding, along with his 25F girlfriend. We have already gotten back all RSVPs, and both of them confirmed that they plan to go (Side note: my brother is NOT the best man; my 28M friend is. I just wanted to clear that up).

OK, so three days ago, my brother texted me a photo of him holding an engagement ring with the word "Soon". He has been dating his girlfriend for the past 3 years or so, so I was very excited that he was finally going to pop the question. I told him that I was happy for him, and I asked him if he intended to do it within the coming days. He responded, "I'll probably do it at your wedding."

I was shocked. Are you kidding me, dude? I thought it was common knowledge that you're not supposed to propose (or announce pregnancies) at someone else's wedding. I asked him if he was joking and he said no. I told him that he should definitely not do it, as it would be seen as disrespectful to me and my soon-to-be wife. He told me that it "seems like a good time" because they would be together with the rest of his family.

I was worried at this point, so I warned him that if he kept saying that he would propose AT MY WEDDING, then I would have to uninvite both him and his girlfriend. He said that that was extremely rude. I responded that I will allow him to go if he promised not to propose.

That should've been the end of it, but he kept insisting that it would be a good time to propose. I called him and told him that I would seriously uninvite him and take him off the list. He said "OK fine" while sighing. I asked him not to bring the engagement ring to the wedding. He said that he would bring it "just in case."

When I woke up the next morning, I contacted my wedding venue and asked them to take my brother's name, along with his girlfriend, off of the list of their table. The next day (yesterday), I told him what I did. He was shocked and angry. He told my parents, and they almost immediately called me and told me that they were disappointed. They demanded that I re-invite him. Both my fiancee and I agreed that we didn't want to risk it.

My parents are still very angry at me, but I think I did the right think. AITA?Some background, my little sister is in the Army. I haven’t seen her since August for a funeral. She hasn’t really been able to take leave because she was flagged for her weight. Finally, she tells me in early December that she got approved to go on leave at the end of January, so I immediately went and put in for my vacation time at work. I haven’t stopped talking about it and made everyone aware that I was taking this time to see my sister.

My job has a super strict first come, first served policy about taking vacations. My department only has 8 people and it’s considered a trade so you can’t just pull anyone off the street to cover for one of us, so only one person is allowed to take vacation at a time.

This past week, one of my coworkers asks off for the *exact same* week as me, saying he already spent $2,000 to go out of the country and our bosses “better approve the time off because of how expensive it was.” Our boss sees the request and pulls him aside telling him that he can’t have it because I asked for it. Coworker cries to the big boss and big boss gives it to him, telling my boss to tell me to take my vacation “some other time.” I went to the big boss explaining the situation, he didn’t do anything, so I went over his head. The DM was appalled and basically took away my coworker’s vacation, wrote my store manager for breaking policy and told my coworker if he calls in more than once that week to go on said vacation, he’ll get fired. 

I didn’t mean to get everyone in trouble, but I asked for it over a month ago and I want to see my sister. Am I the asshole here? 